**Apoorva Mehta at Startup School NY 2014-wkmR7TYUt\_c.mp4**

\[00:00:00\] Instacard CEO a poor of a Matassa started out with a
company that offered something pretty amazing shopping from stores
across your city. All in one bag delivered to your home within a few
hours. So you can have that case of youngling from Costco shipped right
alongside the organic kale from Whole Foods. And I\'ll just show up and
very recently they announced a significant 44 million dollar round of
funding and are bringing Instacart to New York City it\'s here right
now. You can order that said Caille and youngling right here to the
theater if you so desire. But in the meantime while you\'re planning out
your recipes please give it up for a vote. Come on out of a.

\[00:00:51\] Hey guys. Thank you so much for having me here. I\'m
psyched to be here today with you. So as Alexis says My name\'s
appartement on the founder and CEO of Instacart. So what is Instacart into car as a product where you can order your groceries and get
them delivered to your door within 1 hour. What\'s interesting about
this is how we actually make this happen. Car is entirely a software
company which means that we don\'t actually have any warehouses no
trucks and we don\'t hold any inventory. So when you order your
groceries we have one of the thousands of personal shoppers in our
network. Pick up your groceries from stores such as Whole Foods Costco
Safeway and many others and bring them to your door within 1 hour.
We\'ve been around for two years now and we have raised over 55 million
dollars in financing. And today we\'re doing over hundreds of thousands
of dollars in revenue every single day. Today I would like to share with
you the story of Instacart. Hopefully there are some lessons here that
could be useful to you in your journey. The story of Finster card begins
two years before I started the company I used to live in Seattle and I
worked at Amazona at the time and I always wanted to start a company but
it wasn\'t until January of 2010 when this became serious. I realized
that my learning at Amazon was plateauing and I was getting tired of the
slow and bureaucratic environment there. So I knew I had to make a
change to get started. I started going to these these foundry meet ups
in Seattle and every week they would have these entrepreneurs who would
come in and do a talk and this was great but I realized that every time
they would be talking they would talk about things like convertible
notes versus Series A or angelsvs. vs CS and end consumervs. enterprise
and I\'ll be honest I had no clue what they were talking about to me if
you\'re talking about Enterprise. I thought we were talking about a car
rental company so given this what I starting with I knew I had a lot of
catch up to do. I immersed myself into this. I started talking to as
many founders as I could find. I started talking to as many investors as
I could find and I start reading as many books about startups I could
find. I also started to come up with and develop ideas in my spare time
and this was a lot of fun even though I enjoyed my work at Amazon. I
would look forward to come home and work ideas. It got to the point
where I was working on my ideas even during the day at work. Very soon
my co-workers started to notice that something was wrong. I was a
backend logistics engineer at Amazon. So my co-workers would always be
curious why I had X code open on my computer all the time. So I knew
that I was being unfair to my co-workers and so I decided that I wanted
to quit and focus on my ideas full time. In fact today is the fourth
year anniversary of me quitting my job at Amazon. At the time I was
scared and uncertain but now I know that was the best decision I\'ve
ever made in my entire life. After quitting Amazon I had a decision to
make whether to stay in Seattle or move to San Francisco. Ligia say it
wasn\'t a very difficult decision. Laughter. I packed my bags told my
friends goodbye and moved to San Francisco a city where all I knew were
two people.

\[00:04:46\] Lucky for me those two people also had a couch.

\[00:04:52\] After I moved to San Francisco I found a co-founder and we
got to work. We weren\'t picky about a particular vertical or market so
we were very flexible about the ideas that we wanted to try. One week we
would work on something like analytics platform for advertisers. Another
week we would do Groupon for food and for each one of these products we
would try to get traction with the customers and around this time we
must have built around 20 products or so. But the results were always
the same failed product after failed product after failed product. About
12 months after leaving Amazon and working on so many different products
and continuously failing this started to get to me. At this point in
time we began to question whether quitting Amazon was the right decision
for me whether entrepreneurship was really even for me. Around that time
we had been brainstorming about this idea and we thought it was worth a
shot. The idea itself was a social network for lawyers. And are a
product to allow lawyers to connect with each other share articles and
interesting opinions. At the time I remember thinking that this idea was
brilliant that after all those failures that this was going to be the
one I guess there was one thing that we may have overlooked and that was
that we don\'t really know anything about lawyers. We had never even
worked with a lawyer before and so we were working we were building a
product for people that we didn\'t really know much about solving a
problem that we didn\'t know they had. After after building the product
building a team and and raising money and talking to as many lawyers as
possible I finally realize how terrible of an idea this was. Lawyers
don\'t like technology lawyers don\'t like sharing and most of all
lawyers especially don\'t like someone trying to get them to sign up for
a service then they never needed in the first place. After one year of
iterating and pivoting on this product I realize that that this was just
another failure to add to the list. I told my co-founder that we need to
part ways and I quit my own startup. I learnt a very important lesson
here and that was the reason to start a company should never be to start
a company. The reason to start a company should be to solve a problem
that you truly truly care about and connecting lawyers was definitely
not a problem that I cared about. One thing that has that has been with
me for as long as I can remember is the pain of grocery shopping that
was a problem that I truly cared about and I have dreaded going to the
grocery store once you get there. You have to circle in through the
aisles to find the item that you\'re looking for. You have to wait in
line to check out and lug your groceries back to your apartment only to
realize that you\'ve forgotten something at the store. This was 2012 and
we were buying everything online from bags to books to big screen TV.
But one thing that all of us had to do every single week we were still
doing in the most inefficient means possible. I had felt this pain for
as long as I could remember so I knew exactly what I needed to build in
the spring of 2012. I started to write the code for the first version of
Instacart. And I promised myself that I would not go to the grocery
store until the product was ready laughter.

\[00:08:54\] And on June 2nd 2012. I placed my first order on Instacart
and then of course I went to the grocery store picked up my groceries
and delivered them to myself. Laughter Instacart was already a
profitable business. Laughter.

\[00:09:12\] This is the first version of instict I realized something
very interesting here which was that my friends were using insta car as
well I didn\'t have to force them to use it. And this was something that
I\'ve never experience with all the products that I\'ve built before
this. So I decided that I wanted to go to Y Combinator but there was one
slight problem.

\[00:09:37\] The application deadline had passed two months ago.

\[00:09:43\] But somehow I knew that if the if the YC partners
experienced Instacart they would have to let me in. So I contacted all
the NYC alumni that I had in my network for introductions to the
partners and in the next 24 hours I started to get those introductions.
Now all I had to do was wait. One by one all the responses started to
come in there and the answers were always the same.

\[00:10:14\] No way. It\'s too late.

\[00:10:17\] And then finally I got I got Gary Tange response and this
gave me some hope. He said you could fill out a late application but
it\'s nearly impossible now. So that meant it was possible.

\[00:10:36\] Laughter.

\[00:10:40\] I realized that at this point none of the Y see partners
that actually experience the product that they even know what it was.
Did they even know how it was different. I knew I had to make one last
attempt. I opened my app placed an order for a six pack of beer and
addressed it to Gary 10 at the Y C headquarters.

\[00:11:04\] One of my drivers John made the delivery and texted me to
let me know it was done and half an hour later I got a call from Gary
10.

\[00:11:14\] I\'m not sure if it was the big talking but he asked me to
come to the Y C headquarters the next day to meet the partners. So I
arrive at the meeting location the next day I meet four partners and I
get a barrage of questions about everything and anything about the
product. We must have talked for about an hour but felt like just a few
minutes and went when it was done. They told me to leave and they said
that if they decided to fund me they\'d give me a call. This is standard
practice but at the time it felt really really cold. It felt like the
string of failures a string of rejections would just continue. Ten
minutes later I got a call from Harge from Y C he said I cannot believe
we\'re doing this. We have never let anyone in so late but if you\'re
interested we\'d love to have you. That\'s how you go on to Y
Combinator. I learnt two important lessons here. First and foremost Gary
tand loves his beers laughter. And second lesson was that as a founder
you have to be extremely resilient. You have to go from failure to
failure without losing any steam because the next step the next product
the next iteration that you build could make the difference it could be
the step toward success after getting into Y Combinator. Things got
really chaotic. Why he has these dinners where all the founders get
together every Tuesday to share their progress in the last week and as I
was going to one of these y dinners I got a call from one of my shoppers
and she sounded extremely flustered and she said that she was going to
quit. I asked her what had happened and she said look I know this is a
startup and we\'re supposed to do everything but I just can\'t do this.
Turns out what had happened was she had just received an order for 200 2
liter bottles of soda from the Y Combinator dinner.

\[00:13:30\] Laughter. And there\'s just no way that she was going to
build to carry it or fitter in the car. So I talked to her for a few
minutes and I was able to calm her down and I told her I was going to
meet up with her. And then we\'re gonna do this order together. So
that\'s what we did we had to clear out three Safeway\'s yards of
fairways here to find those drinks. This is actually us packing the
cards. The trunk is already full at this point. So this is the back seat
of the car. And then finally we get to Y Combinator and we unload all
these all these bottles and then we go to Rene who would coordinated the
dinner and ordered these drinks to let her know that hey we made the
delivery and so we do that and she turns around and says Oh this was so
convenient I\'m going to do this every week. Laughter.

\[00:14:22\] Laughter.

\[00:14:26\] In the early days of Instacart most of the customers that
we had were were white founders and this was great because getting
getting feedback was very easy. Every time they were just placed an
order I would give them a call and ask them what they thought. And this
allowed me to iterate on the product very very quickly.

\[00:14:44\] One of the first orders that we had was from Dan another
wise founder.

\[00:14:49\] And and he is he placed to order our shop shopper delivered
them. My shopper give me a call right after the delivery and said this
customer was very odd because he had ordered these bananas but he would
not accept the banana as a delivery.

\[00:15:06\] So my shopper had all these bananas in her car. She\'d know
what to do and I was confused too so I decided to email Dan and ask him
if everything was OK with his order and especially with the bananas.

\[00:15:20\] He replied thirty seconds later and he was extremely
agitated. He said I ordered ten bananas onions to car and your shopper
brought me ten bushels of bananas. What do you think this is a zoo
laughter.

\[00:15:38\] Turns out that the picture on Instacart for that for that
item was a bushel of bananas and so there was some confusion between
what the customer had ordered and with the shopper thought the customer
ordered. So we ended up sending Dan a banana bread recipe and he was
fine.

\[00:15:55\] Laughter Why see encourages startups to do things
unscalable me at the beginning and this is extremely important. I find
that this is one of the biggest competitive advantages that a startup
has or a larger company because there\'s no way that the larger company
would be doing those things unscalable. And the idea is that once your
product has demand you can figure out how to scale your product. We took
this advice to heart when in the early days of Instacart you could
place orders on on our service without there being any shoppers to
fulfill those orders. Of course this meant that I would drop everything
I was doing and fulfill the order myself. Now I don\'t have a car and
getting a cab in San Francisco is next to impossible. So in the early
days of Instacart there was a high likelihood that when you would place
an order the order would arrive in the luxury of a Uber Black Car.

\[00:17:02\] Laughter.

\[00:17:06\] After going through Y Combinator my focus changed to two
raising a seed round and raising a seed round is one of the hardest
things that a founder does. You have the least amount of data about your
company you have the least amount of traction in your company convincing
investors that this is a good idea is actually very very difficult. And
it was exceptionally difficult for us because of the space that we were
operating in. There have been some spectacular failures in grocery
delivery before like but Van Cosmo and many others. So investors were
pretty reluctant to invest in stock early on. In fact I had one meeting
with the venture capitalists when when suddenly he decided to to get up
and leave the room and he came back with a floppy disk and he said you
should go home and open this because this has the Web van business plan.
Laughter.

\[00:18:08\] I didn\'t really know how to find a floppy drive so I
didn\'t really open it but. But we were able to close a seed round with
some investors who believed in us and this was our revenue graph at the
time so definitely by no means is it a rocket ship.

\[00:18:27\] Even after even after raising the seed round the are our
our approach towards unscalable unscalable doing things did not change
and only thing that mattered to us was how fast we were growing and how
fast we were executing. One example of this was when we decided to add
Trader Joes to Instacarts offering when we had a store and store card.
The first thing we have to do is find the items that are available in
the store and get that catalog and put them to Instacart dot com or
tabs. Now there was no API or website which had the item catalog for it
for Trader Joe\'s so the only way we could actually get all the item
information was to buy one of every single item at Trader Joe\'s take it
to a studio take pictures of all those things and then put them into our
catalog. And so that\'s exactly what we did. Here\'s here\'s actually
all the photos all the items being lined up before the before taking the
picture. And you know many many of you may think this was a fool\'s
errand but our team ain\'t like kings for the next two weeks.

\[00:19:38\] Laughter.

\[00:19:41\] Using the same unscalable techniques we we added whole
foods Costco and many other stores and we realized that we had the best
product in the market. We were growing so fast and our customers loved
in-store heart after figuring this out in San Francisco. We decided that
it was time to take this outside of the Bay Area to a to a city that
represented United States accurately. So we decided to launch in
Chicago. What we found there to our surprise was that in three weeks we
were doing more deliveries than we had done in 33 weeks in the Bay Area.
Then we launched Boston and Boston was growing even faster than Chicago
did. Then we launched DC DC was growing even faster than Boston Chicago
or the Bay Area. Then we continue to launch more and more cities. And
today we\'re in 10 cities in the United States and our revenue is
growing by 10 percent Reger a week and has been growing like that for 20
weeks. So far as we have grown as a company and as a team we have to now
make everything scalable and this is exceptionally hard. We have
customers who are placing orders for two items or for 60 item. We have
customers replacing instant orders or scheduled orders. They could be
from any part of the sea any time of the day and then we have
crowdsourced shoppers who are working from any part of the city at any
time of the day and some of them are slower some of them are faster then
we have stores that are located on all parts of the city with different
selection different inventory levels. So how do you create
thisAmazon.com like experience when you don\'t have any warehouses when
you don\'t have any trucks and we don\'t hold any inventory. This is a
very very difficult computer science and operations research problem.
But we believe this is a very important problem to solve because for the
first time in history we have retailers all across the United States who
are coming online for the first time for the first time in history. We
have retailers were able to provide a one hour two hour and same day
delivery experience to their customers and for the first time in history
they\'re able to do that without having any infrastructure. Now I know
this is somewhere where you want to be and were 1 percent of the way
there but if there is something that I\'ve learned so far in my journey
it\'s that there\'s going to be hundreds of failures and hopefully some
successes. So if there is one thing that I\'d like you to take away from
this chat it\'s the journey as the founder founders an extremely
exciting one one that\'s filled with hundreds of failures but if you
persist for long enough you may just get lucky. Best of luck.
