**Chase Adam at Startup School NY 2014-Z8\_8jNLsZms.mp4**

\[00:00:00\] Chase Adams the founder of Watusi what I see is a
crowdfunding platform for healthcare that lets anyone donate as little
as five dollars to fund Medel medical care for people in need. So before
starting Watusi Chase traveled worked and studied more than 20
countries. He spent time in private sector intelligence in Washington
launched a national health program in Haiti and served in the Peace
Corps in Costa Rica. Watusi was the first nonprofit that was funded by
non Y Y Y Combinator and we\'re very happy to have him here today.

\[00:00:35\] Welcome Chase.

\[00:00:44\] Thanks for having me. I love New York. I was just walking
here and there was this really old construction worker crossing forty
second. And he was walking really slowly and there was this all I mean
there was this young delivery guy in a van who\'s obviously in a huge
hurry and he just lays on the horn and the old construction worker stops
in the middle of the street and he looks up and he just gives the guy
the finger and then a second or two later they just both break down
laughing. It was beautiful. But that would that would never happen in
San Francisco. So about three and a half years ago I was serving in the
Peace Corps in Central America and I was sitting in the back of a bus.
And I remember that at that point in my life that bus was the last place
in the world I wanted to be. It\'s really hot it\'s muggy. You know I
remember the smell of dried sweat kind of coming off the top of my
shirt. There\'s a black Northface duffle bag on my feet and in that
black Northface duffle is just about everything in the world I own. I\'m
in credit card debt I\'m in student loan debt. And remember the worst
part is that the day before I just got off a plane from San Francisco
and I\'d been home in San Francisco visiting friends and family for the
first time in a year and a half and I don\'t know why I thought this but
I kind of expected that everyone back home would be kind of miserable.
I\'d spent the last six years of my life traveling the world working
with nonprofits trying to do good. I figure that everyone back home was
living the office space life working nine to fives for big corporations
but that wasn\'t the case. I\'m being really surprised when I got back
to San Francisco and realized that most people were working for
companies or starting companies or building products that they really
believed in. It seemed like a lot of people had found a way to do good
and do well. And in contrast a lot of the work I\'ve done abroad with
nonprofits. It felt really small it felt really slow and it felt really
bureaucratic when compared with the scale and speed with which things
were happening in San Francisco. And so I remember saying to everyone I
saw this as a direct quote. I said fuck nonprofits. I said I\'m done
with this and I want to make it clear that I believed then and still do
that. Nonprofits are incredibly important. There are certain problems
that markets and government just do not solve. Imagine a 10 year old
girl in Somalia. These thousand dollars for a life saving surgery and
her family earns less than a dollar a day. The local government doesn\'t
have the resources to provide an adequate social safety net and the
market just hasn\'t found a way to create profitable businesses that
provide surgeries that people can\'t afford to pay for it. That\'s where
nonprofits come in. Nonprofits come in they\'ll fund her health care.
She\'ll live to see her 11th birthday she\'ll go to school get a quality
education get a job contribute to a local economy pay taxes and
hopefully in the future if she has children and they get sick hopefully
either she or her family or the government will be able to cover the
cost for medical care. So when I said that I was done with this it
wasn\'t because I thought on profits were important it was because from
my perspective the most important problems in the world were being
solved so slowly so there I am sitting in the back of this bus in the
most beautiful place on earth during the most exciting time of my life
and I\'m somehow jaded beyond belief and a woman gets on the bus and she
starts asking all of the local passengers for donations to pay first
son\'s medical treatment. And I\'m embarrassed in retrospect but I just
reflexively tuned out people would get on the bus everyday and ask for
money and almost no one would ever give. So I looked back up a few
minutes later and I see that almost all of the local passengers are
giving or donations. She\'s holding a plastic bag it\'s almost bursting
with money and I cannot for the life of me figure out why all of these
local people trust this woman when they had never trusted all the women
on the bus before her. And it turns out they trusted this woman because
she had her son\'s medical record with her. It was in a red folder. She
was passing around the bus. People were looking through it asking your
questions and through that process she seemed to earn their trust. So
she gets to the back of the bus. I make a donation. Almost everyone
around me makes it an Asian. She gets off and I get goosebumps and I
think why on earth is there not a Web site where you can fund medical
care for individual people that need it. Why is there not a global
crowdfunding platform for healthcare so decided to start Watsky and
decided to name it after the town was travelling through at the time. To
go back to my house this is where I lived and the Peace Corps recruiter
my two best friends Mark and Howard to join the organization we spent
our last six months working on the business plan for Watsky and I\'ll
never forget that a few weeks before the peace I ended all the
volunteers decided to rent a house on the beach and celebrate by having
a party. And at this point in Watts\'s history my primary objective was
to find a developer who could build the Web site because none of us knew
how to code. So we\'re at the party last night. Everyone\'s on the beach
drinking having a good time and I decide to start showing people mockups
I\'ve done of the Wassoulou website and so if you think people startup
ideas are annoying in San Francisco or in New York. Here I was on the
beach at a party in my bathing suit holding my 200 dollar netbook in my
hands going around every single person I could find shoving my computer
in their face making them look at my absolutely horrific mockups for an
organization website that didn\'t even exist and asked them if they knew
any developers they\'d be interested in joining the organization and by
some absolute miracle. The next morning wasn\'t on that night. The next
morning this girl Chimney\'s offered to introduce us to Jessie her ex
boyfriend developer who lived in Portland. We jumped on a few Skype hang
out a few Skype calls with him and after basically convincing in the
Watsky was a hell of a lot more established and we really were. He
agreed to join the organization so I got back to San Francisco. We
decided due to Watsky part time as volunteers. Mark wanted got a job
with a startup inL.A. hired one to get his MBA. I was working in finance
in the city and we just built this amazing team of part time volunteers
Grace trying to help with marketing salvage trying to help with
medicineetc. and we would jump on to hang out every single Tuesday and
talk about our progress. At one point we were eight volunteers across
four continents and 16 time zones all working on what to do and in
retrospect not raising money and starting Watts\'s volunteers was one of
the best decisions we made and it was good because there was really no
downside. The only downside was that it just took us a lot longer to
launch but that didn\'t matter because we had no users who were waiting
on us. We had no funders who were expecting results and we all had jobs
so we could support ourselves. But the upside was huge. The upside was
that we were beholden to no one which meant that we could take risks and
make decisions that we otherwise probably wouldn\'t have been able to.
So we made three decisions during those during that year as volunteers
that I believe shape the future of Watusi. The first was that we decided
that 100 percent of every single donation would directly fund medical
care we\'d never take a cut. We decided that we\'d be completely
transparent. We\'d go through the extra effort to put all of our
financials and operations on the Web site and that instead of just
focusing on top line growth like a lot of nonprofits and startups that
was actually most important to us. Was the ratio of how much money we
spent in our operations compared to how much value we were creating for
patients. So after working on what\'s you for a year\'s volunteers the
ready launch to the public. I\'ll never forget the day we launched on on
August 3rd 2012 we sent out an e-mail. We did the Facebook post. All the
things I remember thinking OK just gonna explode now it\'s going to be
huge. My mom donated. Grace\'s mom donated Jesse\'s friends and family
donated. And then it just died a few hours. Nothing was happening. And
so I decided to post on Hacker News had never post on a hacker news
before. Was terrified of all the comments that we\'re just going to
destroy me. And so I created user account posts on Hacker News and I
don\'t tell the team because in the event the post flopped I was just
going to pretend like it never happened. So post on Hacker News and
within what feels like minutes when the number one spot sixteen thousand
uniques hit what\'s to be funded every single medical treatment we had
in our pipeline for the next six months in a matter of hours.

\[00:08:49\] So completely exhausted spent the entire week trying to do
my job and also do on Watsky and a week later. I remember sitting in bed
and getting a Google Earth that was even featured on tech crunch. And
another embarrassing moment in retrospect but it was hard for me to
actually hold back the tears. And that\'s really embarrassing. But I was
so excited. Tech Crunch you have to understand like Tech Crunch and
hacker news for me and the team was like it the entirety of our startup
of our startup education. We hadn\'t missed a post in the last few years
and to be featured on both prominently over the course of a week was
more than we actually ever thought was possible for Watusi. So I
remember reading the post a few minutes later after kind of like the
emotion died down.

\[00:09:29\] I remember turning to my girlfriend at the time and asking
you Do you think that all the startups at Tech Crunch writes about are
secretly as crappy as we are.

\[00:09:40\] And I figured I was like reading about watching Tech
Crunch. I saw this on Hacker News and I figured there\'s probably at
least one human being in the world that thinks we\'re like a real
organization. But in reality on the inside. Everything was broken no
full time employees we have no patients on the website no operations.
And at this point in my life I was still naive enough to think that all
other companies were perfect. I actually had this image in my mind of
employees at Google and Facebook just playing ping pong all day like I
just thought that\'s what people start startups do is just play ping
pong because everything was automated computers and everything. Nothing
was broken and all the graphs were just magically always go up into the
right I\'ve since learned that\'s not true. I\'ve learned that pretty
much every company probably at any start up you always kind of feel like
you\'re standing on a house of cards. And I imagine that the more
successful you are the larger that House of Cards feels. But I watched
the house of cards was really about to come tumbling down. I mean to
give you an idea of how broken our operations were. We had never in a
million years expected that we would fund all the treatments we had in
our pipeline. So we had no idea how we\'re going to find more patients.
We\'re completely on the Web site there are thousands of people going
with nothing to do and so we have two hospitals we work with one in
Nepal one in Guatemala. We call them both frantically saying we need
more patients we need more patients so go out there trying to find
patients. They go through all this work and then they can Poly\'s
information and they put it into a word document and they e-mail it to
us. We have no forms no admen nothing and they e-mail us as word
document and the word document will go to Mark and Mark would make sure
all the privacy waiver was there all the information everything was
signed and then Mark would send it to Sally. And Sally was doing a
residency in emergency medicine at UCSF which basically meant she was
working 24/7 as a doctor and Sally was our bottleneck. So we would text
message Psylocke like 15 times in one night. Sally you gotta prove this
patient we have no patients a website. Sally would sneak into the corner
of the emergency room and basically approve the Watsky profile from her
phone. Then Sally would email it to Grace. And Grace was responsible for
editing the content in publishing on the website.

\[00:11:41\] But Grace had been working on Watsky so much from her day
job in New York that she was having to sneak into the bathroom to edit
and publish quasi profiles from her phone so it became clear pretty
quickly that we needed at least one full time employee if Watsky he was
not going to implode. So I decided to quit my job and work on Wannsee
full time. And I only had three months of savings in the bank so my
objective was to go out and to raise enough money to covertly smile on
salary then hopefully the salary of a few other people.

\[00:12:09\] So I read a bunch of a bunch of books on nonprofit
fundraising. I go out have a million meetings. I have no connections in
the valley at all and just fall completely flat on my face. Not a single
person will give us a cent and just like with for profits one of the
most challenging things about raising money initially is that no one
wants to be first. No one wants to be the first person to take the
gamble and support you. But beyond that there are a few things that make
fundraising as a nonprofit even more challenging. The first is that as a
4 probably had the opportunity to go to a fund and say at least attempt
to raise a five thousand dollar convertible note as a nonprofit. You
have to go to 100 people and try and raise five thousand dollars from
each one. It\'s incredibly time consuming. The other thing is that
there\'s no deadline there\'s no fat there\'s no round that\'s about to
end there\'s no limited amount of equity there is no urgency you just
constantly get pushed to the bottom of people\'s to do lists. And the
last thing is that people are just too nice and they don\'t want to say
no to you. So they kind of just end up stringing you along forever and
you just kind of keep turning your wheels until you eventually give up
so went out wasn\'t able to raise any money we start getting really
desperate. So we decide to enter this Huffington Post competition. We
make it to the finals of this helping cope Huffington Post competition.
The prize is ten thousand dollars which at the time seemed like the
largest sum of money on the planet. I was like doing the math was like I
can live for a year on 10k. So we enter the Huffington Post. We make it
to the finals. And the way the finals work is that it\'s an online vote
between us and one other nonprofit. I will never do another online and
competition for as long as I live. But it was the most stressful week of
our lives. We email everyone in the world you know. We Facebook message
every single one of our friends I get defriended by like 100 people
because I\'m being so annoying. We\'re stopping random people in the
street asking them to vote for Watsky and then it\'s 9p.m. the night
before night before voting closes at midnight and we\'re still like neck
and neck with this other nonprofit. And then all of a sudden we start
getting a bunch of votes. And I have no idea where these votes are
coming from. I\'m like I\'m like completely out like I if I sent another
Facebook message I\'m not kind of a single friend left. And it turns out
that Grace was at a bar and she convinced this bouncer to get every
single person to vote for what\'s on their phone before coming in.

\[00:14:31\] Applause.

\[00:14:33\] So we end up taking the lead. We win the competition at
midnight. The bartender apparently rings a bell and buys shots for
everyone in the bar to celebrate. So we won the competition immediately
after I\'m flying down to Palm Springs to spend Thanksgiving with my
dad. I mean the plane the plane lands and I start getting all these
messages in my phone and I see you have an e-mail from Polygram. He had
seen a recent post read on Hacker News the secret reason we had posted
this post on Hacker News was to get votes for the Huffington Post
competition. He had seen a post we\'ve done a hacker news and he wrote
an e-mail just two sentences and he said are you in the Bay Area. If so
I\'d like to meet. And I remember being so excited just could not
believe this was happening. I got out of body experience I was so
excited that I got off the airplane and left all of my luggage for
Thanksgiving on the airplane just completely left it behind. But it
didn\'t matter I had my phone. There were like I got to my dad\'s place
and I had like 15 people read my one sentence reply to make sure there
are no spelling errors or grammatical errors.

\[00:15:30\] Took me like 10 minutes to send it. But get back the next
week Jesse flies down from Portland. I don\'t think anyone twice knows
this but that was only the second time Jesse and I ever met in person
despite working either remotely for over a year and a half. We needed a
coffee shop or like kind of plan out or we\'re gonna say we meet
withP.G. Have an amazing meeting. He writes us our first check and
invites us to join. I see. So that\'s enough to convince grace to move
from New York Jesse to move from Portland we rent to a little apartment
in Mountain View. We have three bedrooms upstairs we convert the living
room into a full time office and we just work on Watsky 24/7 learned a
ton during what I see. Think the biggest thing for us. The first one was
just to focus on one metric that it was so easy for us to just like get
distracted by the million things that we had to do and we realized that
there is always a single thing that\'s most important there\'s always
one thing at any point time is the most important. And that for us it
was just so valuable to focus on that one thing.

\[00:16:24\] And for a lot of whites it was really just donations.
Average weekly donations was always focused on the second thing that we
realized. During my C that we learned was that we\'re not in this alone.

\[00:16:38\] I think it\'s so easy to think that all startups are
perfect and this was a time of my life where I realize that really all
the other companies are facing the exact same challenges we were they
were facing the same problems same opportunities and what we learned NYC
was really the only thing separating us from success.

\[00:16:53\] It was just hard work and not giving up. We realized that
if we never quit it\'s impossible for us to fail and the last thing we
learned was that it\'s OK to hand crank things it\'s OK to do things
manually in the beginning when you\'re still trying to figure out
what\'s going to work and what\'s not. So we did. I see obviously the
way I see works at the end you have Demo Day we pitched you a bunch of
investors and I started having these recurring nightmares where the only
non profits ever been accepted. I see. And I\'m having these recurring
nightmares that I\'m going to get on stage and I\'m going to do so
terribly that I see is never gonna invite another nonprofit to try and
I\'m like I\'m going to be that guy that ruins for everyone. So I
practice the pitch so much that losing my voice the day before demo the
worst fortunately comes back. Would you find on the pitch and it kind of
kicks off our next round of fundraising. So this time we learned a
lesson and we taught. We decided to try and do something crazy. We
decided to raise a round of donations and really all that meant was that
we picked an arbitrary date three months in the future and we said the
round\'s closing on this day and everyone said we\'re stupid. Like why
would you stop raising donations. But it worked. And for whatever reason
just having that day despite it being arbitrary was enough to convince
people to at least make a decision within those three months. So it
wasn\'t easy we went out we had 138 meetings in five states over three
months. We ended up convincing 14 people to support our operations. And
we got really lucky some of the best investors and technologists and
entrepreneurs in the world decided to back WannseeP.G. donated Ron
Conaway donated vetoed Khoso donated. You know Paul Bukaty Jeff Ralston
10 cent just the most amazing group of people on the planet. And that\'s
not a responsibility that we take lightly. So since raising that round
less than a year ago we\'ve been lucky enough to grow the team and
we\'ve definitely grown the team pretty slow compared to other startups
at our stage and I think that was the right decision. I think it\'s very
decision because you know to be honest we\'re not trying to build an
organization or a startup or worst case scenario. We get hired in a year
and a half. That\'s not possible because we\'re nonprofit. But even if
it was possible we\'re not interested in that. We\'re really trying to
build an organization that if we do well and if we get really lucky that
we hope we\'ll be around for 100 years. And what that means is that at
founding that initial team is just so important not just from a
technical perspective but from a culture and from a mission perspective
because if we do get lucky and what does exist for a long time hopefully
the characteristics of that founding team will be compounded
exponentially time and time again. And the last thing is just efficiency
that it\'s so tempting to just look at those top line revenue numbers
and just hire more people hire more people. But efficiency being our
core value. We\'ve found that it\'s actually kind of nice sometimes to
just embrace that challenge and the awkwardness of not hiring of not
having enough people to do everything you need to do because it forces
you to be more creative. It forces you to be more efficient and it
forces you to focus on what\'s most important. I\'ve made a ridiculous
number of mistakes at Watsa as a team will attest to. I tend to learn
just about everything the hard way. But I think one thing that I
fortunately did right was from the beginning only agreeing to hire
people that were a hell of a lot smarter and a hell of a lot better than
I was and as a result I think we\'ve built one of the most amazing teams
in the world we have Grace who is without a doubt the hardest working
most passionate person I\'ve ever met. Dan built the medical
philanthropy team of Pallant here Thomas just an amazing engineer. Neta
most talented designer I\'ve ever known. And as a result actually
everyday I come into the office you know I think to myself you know I
hope it\'s true. I hope it\'s true that you end up becoming the average
of the five people you spend the most time with because if that\'s the
case I think I\'m honestly mossie one of the luckiest people out there.
So as a result of the work the team did we grew a 1000 or 7 percent in
our first calendar year. But the stat that I\'m actually most proud of
is the fact that every single team member at Watsky raised more than ten
times the amount of money for patients that they took in their own
salary. So with growth comes challenges we have no shortage of them. A
few that are we\'re facing right now which are maybe of interest you
guys it\'s just the first is unsustainable growth that this definitely
falls into that good to have problem camp. But one of the things
there\'s like pressin and hype is kind of this double edged sword
because for our first year you know it was really hard for us to balance
resources between kind of like managing these short term spikes in
growth that you\'ll get from an article or press release and actually
building features that are going to help you succeed in the long run.
You obviously have to grow up both. You have to have patience. Next week
whenever article comes out. But you also have to invest in the future
and balancing those two is always challenging. The second is the
internet. When we started why see we were working with hospitals in two
countries. We\'re now working with hospitals in 19 countries. Most of
those hospitals just got access to the Internet very recently and for
most of them Internet access is spotty at best. And so it\'s been really
challenging to find out the best and most efficient ways to collect and
disseminate information and losses marketplaces are just really
challenging. I mean you obviously have to manage both sides. We have
donors on one side patients on the other. But what makes what\'s even
more challenging is that it\'s not at all like really a free market
because we leave patients posted until they\'re fully funded. We never
want to promise someone healthcare we can\'t deliver but at the same
time the cost of health care doesn\'t fluctuate based on donor demand
which means of surgeries for or buxus just 500 dollars regardless of
whether or not there\'s one donor interested in funding it or 100
donors. So behind the scenes we have to do some really interesting stuff
to try and replicate natural market dynamics so inclosing one question
people always ask us. They think we\'re crazy. They ask us why. Why are
you doing this. You know it\'s obviously not for the money. If money was
the single most important thing there are a bunch of other places we\'d
be working. It\'s not for the fame. Honestly the anxiety of preparing
for a talk like this probably takes a year off of my life. It is not
because it\'s easy. Building a nonprofit startup. Especially Watsky is
probably one of the hardest things anyone on our team will ever do. So
why do it. And I think the answer for us is that the idea that everyone
matters matters to us.

\[00:23:04\] You know think back on human history and ask yourself is
there a difference. Is there a difference between denying someone their
rights because of their race and denying Priyanka the right to use her
hand because she was born on the wrong side of an imaginary line. You
know ask yourself is there a difference. Is there a difference between
denying someone the right to vote because of their sex and denying
violin the right to see because he was born into a poor family. You
don\'t ask yourself is there a difference between denying someone the
right to speak their minds and denying Titus the right to live long
enough to ever learn how to speak in the first place. In the next 10
years just about every single person on the planet is going to be
conducted for the first time in human history. And I believe that
that\'s going to be the beginning of a transition just like we
transition from families to villages from villages to towns from towns
to cities cities states and states of countries. I believe we\'re in the
process of transitioning from countries to a world. And when that
happens it\'s going to be impossible. To deny the fact that every single
person in the world matters and I honestly don\'t know. We don\'t know
what role what is going to play in that process. But what we do know is
that when we look back on our lives in history and 50 years that
whatever we accomplish will have been worth the effort. Thanks.
