**Kathryn Minshew at Startup School NY 2014-XS-kKX9wQk0.mp4**

\[00:00:00\] Next you\'re going to hear from Kathryn Minshew. Catherine
is the CEO and founder of the Muse. So the news is a job discovery tool
that\'s helping one million people a month find the Korek find careers
at awesome companies. So Kathryn has heard me say this before but one of
my favorite fun facts about her is that when she was a kid she wanted to
be Zorro when she grew up. But you know she she\'s not Zorro today but
she didn\'t do too shabbily before she started the muse. Catherine
worked with the Clinton Health Initiative focusing on vaccine access in
Africa. And before that she was at McKinsey and Company. So I\'m really
happy to have her here today. Welcome KATHERINE.

\[00:00:49\] Hi everyone. Very very excited to be here with you a little
bit today. She said I\'m Kathryn Minshew. I\'m the founder and CEO of a
company called the muse. And we help people figure out essentially what
do they want to do with their lives and how do they get there. So career
advice free classes job opportunities and behind the scenes profiles
into what is actually like to work at places like Facebook Uber gucci.
But what I want to talk to all about today is a perception issue that I
think exists in the startup world and that it\'s very easy to look at
companies that are two or three down years down the line. Sometimes
companies that are quite a bit farther than that see everything they\'ve
built this is Facebook profile of a muse you can see all the different
photos video a lot of design. We\'ve spent time on. And it\'s easy to
look at things like that and say wow you know people must have these
brilliant ideas they\'ve sort of hit them like a flash of lightning and
then instantly they start creating it\'s much much easier to show that
successful growth than to talk about what often comes before which as I
said is a lot of failure. So I\'m a veteran of two companies the Musa\'s
my second startup and I don\'t often talk about the first because it
looked like this. And in case you can\'t see it that\'s nearly flat
growth at around 3000 users a month over eight or nine months so it was
repetitive and consistent failure. And I think consistently when you
look at startups it\'s much easier to pretend that you\'re crushing it
all the time than to show the work in progress. But make no mistakes.
Most startups are a work in progress. In fact I like to say that
evolution from SOC to suck less. So I want to take you through the early
kind of suck of the muse and walk you through some of the lessons we
learned a couple of the like. Oh god why did we do that mistakes. And a
few things that hopefully will be helpful for you all as you go around
starting businesses or building companies. So the muse\'s origin story
starts with me as a 3 year old wanting to be a firefighter and as casata
also desperately wanted to be Zorro not realizing that that was perhaps
not a viable career path. But my grandfather was a firefighter and I had
a pretty clear idea of what it meant to do that. And then as I got older
I thought to myself well for a while I wanted to be a CIA agent or
international woman of mystery for a long time as well. I thought that
maybe it would be a Broadway actress and so actually it\'s quite fun to
be back here on the stage. But when I started my first job which was a
management consulting job at McKinsey I knew that that wasn\'t it. That
wasn\'t what I wanted to be doing and two three four or five years. And
so I set out to figure out well what do I want to be doing with my life.
I asked friends and family a lot of them were in relatively traditional
careers banking law. They didn\'t want to do those and then I went to
Job boards which is where a lot of people add up and oh geez this is
what I got. These are the sorts of things I was seeing on a daily basis
including one search on Monster. I think it was for business strategy
jobs that told me I should be an assistant manager at a 7-Eleven in
Secaucus New Jersey. I was like thank you very much. I took some career
quizzes. One of them said I should be a merchant mariner. I think
because I like to travel and I enjoy the outdoors. But ultimately there
was really nothing that gave me any sense of what it actually meant to
do different jobs and around the same time I met my co-founder. One of
them. Alex is here today and we started talking about some of these
issues around the fact that the way people think about their career
individually has changed so much. People are no longer kind of looking
for a transactional. I show up at 9 I leave at 5 you give me a paycheck.
They\'re much more concerned with questions like well what is the
culture of the company. What will I do when I get there. How will I play
a part in the company\'s growth. You can\'t get that through a lot of
platforms and I wish I could say that the kind of idea for The Muse hit
us like a bolt of lightning or like Athena sprinting fully formed out of
the head of Zus but in reality it was much much more slow. In fact this
is our first website that we launched with on September 6 2011 and
honestly it\'s kind of a piece of crap and when we thought it was great
at the time and given that we were basically subsisting on ramen and
hopes and dreams it was I think a very good effort in fact we attracted
20000 people in the first month 26000 in the second month 70000 people
in the third. So clearly we had hit some sort of chord even though
obviously there was a lot a lot to be desired. We started out with
career content because when you create a marketplace where you have
buyers and sellers in this case candidates and companies that want to
hire them it\'s a lot easier if you can get one side of the marketplace
started first. And so we thought well if we don\'t want to have a whole
bunch of jobs on their first or if we can\'t get companies to work with
us. What\'s one way to solve that problem. Career content. We also
started testing appetite for jobs and one of the things that I think is
funny is the very first company that we ever worked with was Uber when
they had maybe 50 employees. They were active in two cities and they
were trying to launch Chicago and we did a little test with them and it
was really interesting because what it proved was people said this is a
little bit hard to use. The design is pretty ugly but they got to see a
bit more inside. What was it actually like to work at Uber before they
applied. It was a pretty big success on both sides. So then we really
set about building word of mouth. We had this platform our original
concept was actually geared to professional women. And so we thought to
ourselves all right what are the ways to get users with no money with
absolutely no we had no reputations with no connections. The four things
we found to be super effective. One was just asking for word of mouth.
So when we launched the muse I scraped my gmail for everyone that I had
emailed with over the past three years. I took out things like Do not
reply at pay pal. I took out things that were clearly someone that was
either a bot or that I hadn\'t communicated with and for everyone else I
sent a really nice short email that said I want to let you know we\'re
launching Muze. I had a one line description and I said if you want to
share on social here\'s a tweet so people could literally copy paste a
post because if you ask people to tweet you don\'t tell them what to
tweet. A lot of people won\'t bother and send it to so many people that
Google actually shut down my account because they thought it was a
spammer. I think that happens anyway at about twelve hundred e-mails in
one day. So you don\'t actually recommend doing that. But we asked a lot
of people to help us. We also reached out to like minded groups so since
we were doing a women\'s career site I reached out to probably 6 700
groups individually small professional organizations massive industry
groups and I said this is what I\'m doing and I\'d love your feedback so
if you just ask people to share office it\'s it\'s almost like you\'re
asking for something from them instead of saying I would love your
opinion and we don\'t get a lot of great opinions and obviously a lot of
people shared it and then content the content thing. Become your best
friend again. When we were trying to get an audience and get awareness
around what it was we were doing. One of the most effective things for
us was creating great content on career issues because if I posted a
site right now and I said I\'m looking for people who want jobs in New
York and San Francisco. That\'s a relatively small percentage of people
in this room or in the general population. But if I say I have a really
great article on how to be more effective at answering e-mail or how to
master the informational interview there\'s a much wider population of
people that draws it was one of the reasons I think that as we grew we
were able to create our own PR and our own buzz. And then despite the
fact that we were growing we entered the fundraising trough of sorrow.
So this is the fall of 2011 and we had this baby site on the off the
ground that we were seeing about 70000 people a month coming to visit it
in our first and our third month alive. And yet we were kind of running
into the same issues over and over and over again. In fact I pitched 148
people sorry 150 people in New York City. I like to joke that I\'ve
pitched every single investor in New York City at least once. I pitched
150 of them and 148 said no and 2 said maybe come back to us. I like
what you\'re doing and it is interested in content was very very unsexy
in 2011. So I think there\'s a lot of ways that the themes of the
investment market can affect how people are interested in what you\'re
doing. Job Search was also not actually sexy and we were also running up
against some really interesting long held stereotypes. So since at the
time we were targeting professional women I had a lot of people say
things to me like well. Are those women going to lose interest in your
site. Once they turn 30 and have babies I was like No it doesn\'t
actually work that way anymore. Thank you for your input. We had a lot
of really interesting really really interesting feedback. Also had you.
The people people said things like well I\'m sure women in New York
really care about their careers. But once you get outside of that you
know. So we have to also do a little bit of of kind of telling a lot of
the investors we were speaking that we weren\'t building necessarily a
product for people like them. We were building a product for someone who
is 27 years old living in Chicago orSt. Lewis or Boston who wants to do
something different than what they\'re doing right now. It doesn\'t
necessarily have their personal network to get there. What was
interesting is the first people who gave us a 100 percent definitive yes
was Y Combinator. So this is us. On the day we interviewed we were
absolute fucking terrified. We were also a little bit though I think we
were a little bit of raw is the right word but by the time we did our
Weiss\'s application I felt like I had been turned down by so many
people. I really give a fuck if anyone else turned down and I think
actually put in our application which is online. If you google the muse
why the application you could probably find it. We publish our entire
application and I think actually where the line in there which was like
even if you don\'t find us and we hope you fund us. But even if you
don\'t for us we\'re going to do exactly this and we\'re going to take
over the world. I basically told them like you know take it or leave it.
And I think that sort of attitude that we were going to make this work
come hell or high water or anything really resonated and you know we
were watching that really terrible. I think it was a George Clooney
movie the movie The Ides of March. I don\'t remember any of it. We were
sitting there and my phone was on the seat between Alex and I. And it
lit up with the number from y c. And you know if you if they call you
you\'ve gotten in and if they e-mail you haven\'t. And I went tearing
out of the theater with Alex Melyssa following me and I put it on
speaker. Of course whenP.J. said you know we want to invite you to be in
the next class. Melissa started screaming and I\'m like you know put it
back on mute. But it was really exciting. And we felt like we have
arrived. We have been funded by we I see it. Our troubles are over. And
as Jack said that is never true. I don\'t think it\'s ever possible to
say like we\'re here. Our troubles are completely over. In fact as soon
as we got accepted to see we started thinking really big and in fact too
big because our first ideas were insanely complicated. This is a mock
that we made of what we wanted the muse to look like in January 2012
right when we started Y C and it has a ton going on. There\'s seven
different features here. It was going to you know pull in from all your
different social networks and be optimized for your personality and a
million other things. And I remember going into a meeting with PGE and a
couple other partners and we were so proud and we started to kind of
explain and put on the whiteboard. And within seconds he\'s like whoa
just launch already and. And that was I mean that was a big moment for
us. He basically said this will never get off the ground. You will never
be able to test which of these seven things people are excited. Pick
one. Strip it down and launch and start to test Amand. And so within the
next 14 days we redesigned the profiles found five companies to be
clients sent photographers from our network into their offices and
launched on Tech Crunch February 22nd. Now it has obviously been a
pretty crazy road since then. We know we were reaching about 100000
people a month when we launched. We\'re seeing about a million and a
half a month now. We work with 200 brands which never would have
happened if we had not obviously upgraded and iterated the design. But
there\'s there\'s basically a couple of key things that I feel like we
learned the hard way. Luckily less so that I want to run through my last
couple of minutes. The first is is honoring your word and not just
contracts. And I was actually thinking about this in the context of the
startup community people say it\'s often very very small. It\'s also
very informal. And so I think it\'s very common sometimes for people to
have handshake agreements on one hand. I have been the victim of
handshake agreements gone terribly wrong. So I like to tell people when
you\'re doing an agreement especially if it\'s founding a company
working for a company to make sure you get things in writing. But even
if you are the one in a position of power if you are the one with the
company think is incredibly important to be known as someone who will
honor your word and not just the contract especially because there\'s
always unexpected bumps. So one of the examples is our first hire ever
was an awesome moment. Adrian who\'s I think also in the audience
tonight and you know she she really wanted to hire her early on but we
were we were dead broke. We had you know we didn\'t have the money to
pay our own rent. I think we were like bartering for everything that we
got. And so you and I talked and I was like look we can pay you like
this little bit amount of money consistently and then in three or four
months once we raise you we\'ll pay you back a little bit more I\'m
still not a lot but I was like. I\'ll get you that money. The second bit
by November 1st 2011 and October 2011 I start having stress ulcers
because we are not yet in Y Combinator. We definitely do not have money
and we were seeing the numbers go in the right way I knew that the
business had something at its core that was very that could be
successful but we certainly weren\'t there now and so I had to go to her
and say this is exactly what\'s going on. If you if you want you I will
honor the agreement and we can essentially kind of I\'ll figure out a
way to get you the money by November 1st or if you\'re all right with
it. You know I think we\'ll have money by mid December and luckily she
was all right with it. We raised after when we got into I see we got a
little bit of capital. We were able to sort of make everything right.
But I think having that having that reputation and making it be very
core is something that I think could take you a far a long way
especially when I mean shit just sometimes doesn\'t go according to
plan. The second that also covered with his idea that the Dun is better
than perfect and that you have to start somewhere that you cannot win if
you don\'t Pasko. And it\'s so easy especially when you have an idea and
you know that some people are gonna say that idea is stupid that will
never work. Why. What are you thinking about why do you just go back and
get a nice job. I think it\'s really easy to sort of sit in the corner
and polish your idea and say well some day some day. But ultimately I
think the best ideas they need to be out in the world so they can
survive the test of real customers. There\'s is another thing that
happens I think quite frequently someone will have an idea and they only
tell a few people close to them. But those are the people who love you.
If you tell your mom I\'m going to start a company aimed at you know I
don\'t know. Being Zappos for dogs like your mom probably thinks it\'s
an awesome idea. It may be a great idea but I don\'t think you can know
that until you have real strangers who don\'t care about you who don\'t
know anything about you look at it and use it. And obviously it\'s about
finding the people that are the use case because if you find people who
are cat lovers who hate dogs like they may not get the idea. And that\'s
totally okay. And the final thing is you know this is the news now
that\'s news that nobody looks at the site and thinks wow that\'s going
to be a world changing billion dollar company. That\'s OK because we got
it out there and we got just far enough to get to the next step to get
to the next step and to get to a point where obviously we\'re still
really far from being where I\'d like us to go but the path gets a
little bit clearer every time you move down it. The next thing is to be
insanely persistent but also very very polite. Most things in a startup
you will not get by asking once in fact for a lot of the partnerships
that we\'ve gotten the deals that have made a massive success for our
business it was never the first time we asked for them or very very
rarely was that first time someone said Oh why yes of course I\'ll give
you massive amounts of traffic from my media publication. It\'s often
about figuring out what it is that you have even if you don\'t have much
that the other party is excited about. Who\'s the right person to ask.
When we first launched one of the ways that we got a lot of early
traffic to the news was that I noticed that Forbes had a contributor
program where they would publish content from outside sources. And so I
went to Forbes and I said I want to send you I want to give you career
content that we\'re going to write from the news and in exchange I want
you to put at the bottom. This content was originally published on the
news link link link. And the first person I talked to that I asked
didn\'t answer my e-mail. And the second person that I asked about a
week or two later didn\'t answer my e-mail. The third the fourth time we
found the right person. They made the deal happen. And again in our
first month Forbes sent around 5000 people to the news and a lot of
those people stuck around because they had come for something that was
very on brand and then essentially been sucked into our ecosystem.
Similarly with with investing I think you know we we certainly more than
anyone else have felt like sometimes the best way is obviously it\'s not
always about being persistent with the same people but understanding
that you have to figure out what is it about what you\'re doing or what
you\'re asking for or what you\'re offering that is going to be most of
interest to the other party and then find the right person and be very
polite but very very persistent until you make it happen. This one I\'ve
touched on a little bit but it is find people who share your values.
Otherwise it will ruin your life. My first company was not only a
failure because we had flat growth and a relatively uninspired product
but it was also a failure because we had a essentially a business
dispute between founders that cost people a lot of money that led to my
life savings and those of some other people being kind of sucked away
and it was ultimately relatively foreseeable because there were a couple
of red flags around values issues how you treat people that the people
saw and the people overlooked and I absolutely did this because when
you\'re so focused on the product you\'re so focused on the vision it\'s
really easy to say Oh like you know yeah we don\'t really maybe share
values but it will all work out and I can absolutely say I think one of
the smartest things that I\'ve ever done is make sure that very very
focused on working with people both externally and internally. And this
goes to investors we\'ve turned down money from people who had very
clear different value systems. We had to let people go for ethics lapses
but I think it keeps your core very strong and it attracts people to you
who also value that in others. Creating velocity. We talked a little bit
about this before but a lot of people I think think of startups kind of
like the Field of Dreams which is you know if you build it they will
come. But actually that is in fact not how a lot of startups work. You
can have an amazing product you can put it out there and if you people
see it unless those are the exact 20 people that are going to be excited
about what you\'re offering that are going to be the core users and they
tell us and they tell others you may have something that\'s amazing but
you won\'t be able to get it in front of the right people. And so I
think thinking not only about what you\'re going to create how it\'ll be
built what it\'s growth planning but also who is it exactly who are the
right users and how do you find them. How do you find the people that
are going to become evangelists for your product. Where are they now.
How do you get in front of them and how do you incentivize them to talk
about it in front of other people. It\'s the difference ultimately
between being dead and not being dead. In my opinion. 6 build an amazing
team. So I love this picture because this in front is Doug. He\'s our
director of sales. On his first day of work was April 1st of this past
year. April fools day. And so we decided to be really fun to all dress
up in formal wear for his first day in the office. See how long it took
him to notice. Of course the first five people are in suits and button
downs. He\'s like looking a little confused. Finally I think somebody
walked in and like a full suit and bright blue sneakers. He\'s like wait
a second you guys are pranking me. It was really funny way to kind of
welcome him. But for us I think building especially when you\'re asking
people to go above and beyond to create something and creating something
that hasn\'t existed before building a company. It\'s really really
hard. And you often don\'t have a lot of cash to compensate people. So I
talk to people sometimes and they say well you know I can\'t recruit
people away from Google they have so much more money than I do. If all
people wanted was money then yes they will probably be working at Google
instead of your startup. But there\'s so many things that motivate
people. I love when recruiting to figure out especially if you\'re. You
want to hire someone you\'re very excited. Figure out what motivates
them. Like would they be excited to speak on a panel as a representative
of your company. Would they be excited if you could help them meet other
people in their industry or set them up with a class or a tutorial of
some sort of expertise. Is there a new skill that they\'re really
interested in learning that you can help them learn. Because you\'re a
small company and there\'s lots of things that need being done when you
figure out what it is that motivates people other than money and then
help them achieve that. Help them achieve their professional goals.
Think it\'s an unbelievable powerful way to build a team especially when
you\'re very very strapped for cash and if you\'re looking about kind of
where to find people that are classic examples you know you can post
your jobs on LinkedIn or indeed the muse and ángeles are good for
Startup Jobs. I really like the dead pool. We\'ve only used this once or
twice but it\'s essentially keeping an eye out for on Hacker News on
Tech Crunch whose startup is losing people whose startup is not doing so
well. I remember once when we were really early and we were kind of
desperate for early hires group shart got hit by a massive lawsuit and I
went to link was looking everyone a group to see whether anyone seemed
like they might be interesting and available. I call that lurking but it
can actually be a really effective way and also getting out there and
networking speaking. I think at least two of our awesome people on our
team have come because they\'ve been in the audience. When I was giving
some talk brother and they\'re like it\'s pretty interesting. Maybe
I\'ll investigate more in one month three months six months later. They
join your team and the last thing I want to talk to all about today the
last point I want to make is you cannot cannot believe the hype. We\'re
in an industry where it seems like everyone is raising ten million
dollars on you know from Andriessen or being on the front page of Tech
Crunch or succeeding in some other massive way. But it really is the
most extreme version of that cliche that you\'re comparing your day to
day with everyone else\'s highlight reel. And I think that\'s why
getting very close to your product and understanding your numbers and
your users and what drives them to come to you what drives them to use
your product and to tell their friends to come back everyday is so
powerful. Because when 148 investors told us No it was really tempting
to think well maybe they\'re right and we\'re wrong. I mean who are we.
Who are we to say that we actually think there\'s something powerful
here. But the closer you are to your users and I think to that data the
easier it is to start to see that 300 people goes to 3000 goes to 3
million and it\'s much much much harder to ignore. And it is very very
satisfying to smile at all the people who told you you couldn\'t do it.
So thank you so much.
