**Chase Adam at Startup School NY 2014-Z8\_8jNLsZms.mp4**

*Chase Adam在2014年纽约创业学校-Z8\8 jNLsZms.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Chase Adams the founder of Watusi what I see is a
crowdfunding platform for healthcare that lets anyone donate as little
as five dollars to fund Medel medical care for people in need. So before
starting Watusi Chase traveled worked and studied more than 20
countries. He spent time in private sector intelligence in Washington
launched a national health program in Haiti and served in the Peace
Corps in Costa Rica. Watusi was the first nonprofit that was funded by
non Y Y Y Combinator and we\'re very happy to have him here today.

[00：00]蔡斯·亚当斯，Watusi的创始人，我看到的是一个大众医疗融资平台，任何人都可以捐出5美元来资助Medel的医疗服务。因此，在开始之前，Watusi Chase旅行、工作和研究了20多个国家。他在华盛顿的私营部门情报部门度过了一段时间，在海地发起了一个国家卫生项目，并在哥斯达黎加的和平队服役。Watusi是第一个由非YCombinator资助的非营利组织，我们很高兴他今天来到这里。

\[00:00:35\] Welcome Chase.

[00：00：35]欢迎蔡斯。

\[00:00:44\] Thanks for having me. I love New York. I was just walking
here and there was this really old construction worker crossing forty
second. And he was walking really slowly and there was this all I mean
there was this young delivery guy in a van who\'s obviously in a huge
hurry and he just lays on the horn and the old construction worker stops
in the middle of the street and he looks up and he just gives the guy
the finger and then a second or two later they just both break down
laughing. It was beautiful. But that would that would never happen in
San Francisco. So about three and a half years ago I was serving in the
Peace Corps in Central America and I was sitting in the back of a bus.
And I remember that at that point in my life that bus was the last place
in the world I wanted to be. It\'s really hot it\'s muggy. You know I
remember the smell of dried sweat kind of coming off the top of my
shirt. There\'s a black Northface duffle bag on my feet and in that
black Northface duffle is just about everything in the world I own. I\'m
in credit card debt I\'m in student loan debt. And remember the worst
part is that the day before I just got off a plane from San Francisco
and I\'d been home in San Francisco visiting friends and family for the
first time in a year and a half and I don\'t know why I thought this but
I kind of expected that everyone back home would be kind of miserable.
I\'d spent the last six years of my life traveling the world working
with nonprofits trying to do good. I figure that everyone back home was
living the office space life working nine to fives for big corporations
but that wasn\'t the case. I\'m being really surprised when I got back
to San Francisco and realized that most people were working for
companies or starting companies or building products that they really
believed in. It seemed like a lot of people had found a way to do good
and do well. And in contrast a lot of the work I\'ve done abroad with
nonprofits. It felt really small it felt really slow and it felt really
bureaucratic when compared with the scale and speed with which things
were happening in San Francisco. And so I remember saying to everyone I
saw this as a direct quote. I said fuck nonprofits. I said I\'m done
with this and I want to make it clear that I believed then and still do
that. Nonprofits are incredibly important. There are certain problems
that markets and government just do not solve. Imagine a 10 year old
girl in Somalia. These thousand dollars for a life saving surgery and
her family earns less than a dollar a day. The local government doesn\'t
have the resources to provide an adequate social safety net and the
market just hasn\'t found a way to create profitable businesses that
provide surgeries that people can\'t afford to pay for it. That\'s where
nonprofits come in. Nonprofits come in they\'ll fund her health care.
She\'ll live to see her 11th birthday she\'ll go to school get a quality
education get a job contribute to a local economy pay taxes and
hopefully in the future if she has children and they get sick hopefully
either she or her family or the government will be able to cover the
cost for medical care. So when I said that I was done with this it
wasn\'t because I thought on profits were important it was because from
my perspective the most important problems in the world were being
solved so slowly so there I am sitting in the back of this bus in the
most beautiful place on earth during the most exciting time of my life
and I\'m somehow jaded beyond belief and a woman gets on the bus and she
starts asking all of the local passengers for donations to pay first
son\'s medical treatment. And I\'m embarrassed in retrospect but I just
reflexively tuned out people would get on the bus everyday and ask for
money and almost no one would ever give. So I looked back up a few
minutes later and I see that almost all of the local passengers are
giving or donations. She\'s holding a plastic bag it\'s almost bursting
with money and I cannot for the life of me figure out why all of these
local people trust this woman when they had never trusted all the women
on the bus before her. And it turns out they trusted this woman because
she had her son\'s medical record with her. It was in a red folder. She
was passing around the bus. People were looking through it asking your
questions and through that process she seemed to earn their trust. So
she gets to the back of the bus. I make a donation. Almost everyone
around me makes it an Asian. She gets off and I get goosebumps and I
think why on earth is there not a Web site where you can fund medical
care for individual people that need it. Why is there not a global
crowdfunding platform for healthcare so decided to start Watsky and
decided to name it after the town was travelling through at the time. To
go back to my house this is where I lived and the Peace Corps recruiter
my two best friends Mark and Howard to join the organization we spent
our last six months working on the business plan for Watsky and I\'ll
never forget that a few weeks before the peace I ended all the
volunteers decided to rent a house on the beach and celebrate by having
a party. And at this point in Watts\'s history my primary objective was
to find a developer who could build the Web site because none of us knew
how to code. So we\'re at the party last night. Everyone\'s on the beach
drinking having a good time and I decide to start showing people mockups
I\'ve done of the Wassoulou website and so if you think people startup
ideas are annoying in San Francisco or in New York. Here I was on the
beach at a party in my bathing suit holding my 200 dollar netbook in my
hands going around every single person I could find shoving my computer
in their face making them look at my absolutely horrific mockups for an
organization website that didn\'t even exist and asked them if they knew
any developers they\'d be interested in joining the organization and by
some absolute miracle. The next morning wasn\'t on that night. The next
morning this girl Chimney\'s offered to introduce us to Jessie her ex
boyfriend developer who lived in Portland. We jumped on a few Skype hang
out a few Skype calls with him and after basically convincing in the
Watsky was a hell of a lot more established and we really were. He
agreed to join the organization so I got back to San Francisco. We
decided due to Watsky part time as volunteers. Mark wanted got a job
with a startup inL.A. hired one to get his MBA. I was working in finance
in the city and we just built this amazing team of part time volunteers
Grace trying to help with marketing salvage trying to help with
medicineetc. and we would jump on to hang out every single Tuesday and
talk about our progress. At one point we were eight volunteers across
four continents and 16 time zones all working on what to do and in
retrospect not raising money and starting Watts\'s volunteers was one of
the best decisions we made and it was good because there was really no
downside. The only downside was that it just took us a lot longer to
launch but that didn\'t matter because we had no users who were waiting
on us. We had no funders who were expecting results and we all had jobs
so we could support ourselves. But the upside was huge. The upside was
that we were beholden to no one which meant that we could take risks and
make decisions that we otherwise probably wouldn\'t have been able to.
So we made three decisions during those during that year as volunteers
that I believe shape the future of Watusi. The first was that we decided
that 100 percent of every single donation would directly fund medical
care we\'d never take a cut. We decided that we\'d be completely
transparent. We\'d go through the extra effort to put all of our
financials and operations on the Web site and that instead of just
focusing on top line growth like a lot of nonprofits and startups that
was actually most important to us. Was the ratio of how much money we
spent in our operations compared to how much value we were creating for
patients. So after working on what\'s you for a year\'s volunteers the
ready launch to the public. I\'ll never forget the day we launched on on
August 3rd 2012 we sent out an e-mail. We did the Facebook post. All the
things I remember thinking OK just gonna explode now it\'s going to be
huge. My mom donated. Grace\'s mom donated Jesse\'s friends and family
donated. And then it just died a few hours. Nothing was happening. And
so I decided to post on Hacker News had never post on a hacker news
before. Was terrified of all the comments that we\'re just going to
destroy me. And so I created user account posts on Hacker News and I
don\'t tell the team because in the event the post flopped I was just
going to pretend like it never happened. So post on Hacker News and
within what feels like minutes when the number one spot sixteen thousand
uniques hit what\'s to be funded every single medical treatment we had
in our pipeline for the next six months in a matter of hours.

[00：00：44]谢谢你邀请我。我爱死纽约了我刚走到这里，有一位非常老的建筑工人跨过四十秒钟。他走得很慢，我的意思是，有个年轻的送货员在一辆面包车里，他显然很匆忙，他只是按下喇叭，老建筑工人停在街道中央，他抬头看了看，然后给了他手指，过了一两秒钟，他们都笑了起来。很漂亮。但这在旧金山是不可能发生的。大约三年半前，我在中美洲的和平队服役，当时我坐在一辆公共汽车的后座上。我记得在我生命中的那一刻，那辆巴士是世界上我最不想成为的地方。天气很热，很闷热。你知道，我还记得汗水干的味道，好像是从我衬衫上掉下来的。我的脚上有一个黑色的北面帆布包，而在那个黑色的北面帆布里，我拥有的几乎所有东西。我欠信用卡债，我欠学生贷款。记住最糟糕的是，在我刚从旧金山下飞机的前一天，我在旧金山回家，一年半来第一次去看望朋友和家人，我不知道为什么我会这么想，但我觉得回家的每个人都会很痛苦。在我生命的最后六年里，我与非营利组织一起工作，试图做好事。我想，家里的每个人都过着办公室生活，为大公司工作9到5英镑，但事实并非如此。当我回到旧金山，意识到大多数人都在为公司工作，或者创办公司，或者建造他们真正相信的产品时，我真的很惊讶。似乎有很多人找到了做好事的方法，而且做得很好。与此形成对比的是，我在国外从事的许多非营利组织的工作。它感觉很小，感觉很慢，和旧金山发生的事情的规模和速度相比，它感觉非常官僚主义。所以我记得我对每个人说过，我认为这是一句直接引用的话。我说去他妈的非营利组织。我说我受够了，我想说清楚，我当时相信，现在仍然如此。非营利组织是极其重要的。有些问题市场和政府根本解决不了。想象一下索马里一个10岁的女孩。这一千美元用于一次拯救生命的手术，而她的家人每天的收入还不到一美元。地方政府没有足够的资源来提供足够的社会保障网络，而市场只是没有找到一种方法来创造一个有利可图的企业来提供人们负担不起的外科手术。这就是非盈利组织进来的地方。非盈利组织来了，他们将资助她的医疗保健。她将活着看到她的11岁生日，她将上学，得到高质量的教育，得到一份工作，为当地的经济做出贡献，纳税，希望将来如果她有孩子，他们生病了，希望她或她的家人或政府能够支付医疗费用。所以，当我说我做完了这件事的时候，不是因为我认为利润很重要，而是因为在我看来，世界上最重要的问题正在慢慢地被解决，所以我坐在这辆巴士的后座上，在我生命中最激动人心的时刻，我不知怎的厌倦了，一名妇女上了公共汽车，她开始向当地所有乘客索要捐款，以支付大儿子的医疗费用。回想起来，我感到很尴尬，但我只是本能地调整一下，人们每天都会上公共汽车，索要钱，几乎没有人会给我钱。所以几分钟后我回顾了一下，我发现几乎所有的当地乘客都在捐赠或捐赠。她拿着一个塑料袋，它几乎爆满了钱，我一辈子都搞不懂为什么这些当地人都信任这位女士，因为他们从来没有信任过她之前所有的公共汽车上的女人。原来他们信任这个女人是因为她带着她儿子的医疗记录。在红色文件夹里。她路过公共汽车。大家都在看，问你的问题，通过这个过程，她似乎赢得了他们的信任。所以她到了公共汽车的后面。我捐了一笔。我周围的人几乎都把它变成了亚洲人。她一下车，我就起鸡皮疙瘩，我想，为什么根本就没有一个网站，你可以为那些需要它的人提供医疗服务的资金。为什么没有一个全球医疗大众融资平台，所以决定创办Watsky，并决定以该镇当时的情况命名。回到我的家，这就是我住的地方，和平队的招聘者，我的两个最好的朋友马克和霍华德加入了这个组织，我们花了六个月的时间为沃茨基的商业计划工作，我永远不会忘记，在和平结束前的几个星期，我所有的志愿者都决定在海滩上租一栋房子，然后举行一个聚会来庆祝。在瓦茨的历史上，我的主要目标是找到一个可以构建网站的开发人员，因为我们都不知道如何编码。所以我们昨晚在派对上。每个人都在海滩上喝酒，玩得很开心，我决定开始给人们看我在瓦苏卢网站上做过的模特儿，所以如果你认为人们的创业想法在旧金山或纽约很烦人的话。在海滩上，我穿着泳衣，手里拿着200美元的上网本，手里拿着一本200美元的上网本，随手把电脑推到他们的脸上，让他们看着我为一个根本不存在的组织网站做的绝对可怕的模特儿，问他们是否认识任何有兴趣加入这个组织的开发商，而且奇迹般地出现了。第二天早上不是那天晚上。第二天早上，这个女孩Chimney向我们介绍了住在波特兰的杰茜，她的前男友开发商。我们跳上了几个Skype，和他打了几次Skype电话，在沃特斯基基本上说服了他之后，我们已经建立了很多，而且我们真的是。他同意加入这个组织，所以我回到了旧金山。我们决定，由于沃茨基兼职作为志愿者。马克想在洛杉矶的一家初创公司找到一份工作，雇了一份来获得MBA学位。我在金融城工作，我们刚刚建立了一个由兼职志愿者组成的了不起的团队，格蕾丝，试图帮助营销，救助，帮助医疗等等。我们每个星期二都会跳下去，谈论我们的进步。有一次，我们是来自四大洲和16个时区的8名志愿者，他们都在研究该做什么，回想起来，不筹集资金和启动瓦茨志愿者是我们做出的最好的决定之一，这是很好的，因为没有什么坏处。唯一的缺点是我们花了很长时间才推出，但这并不重要，因为我们没有用户在等我们。我们没有期待结果的资助者，我们都有工作，所以我们可以养活自己。但好处是巨大的。好处是，我们对任何人都没有亏欠，这意味着我们可以承担风险，做出我们可能无法做到的决定。因此，在这一年中，我们做出了三项决定，我认为这些决定了Watusi的未来。首先，我们决定，每一笔捐款中的100%将直接用于医疗保健，我们绝不会削减。我们决定完全透明。我们会付出额外的努力，把我们所有的财务和业务都放在网站上，而不是像很多非营利组织和初创企业那样只关注公司的增长，这对我们来说是最重要的。与我们为病人创造的价值相比，我们在手术中花了多少钱。所以，在你做了一年的志愿者之后，你就可以对公众做好准备了。我永远不会忘记2012年8月3日我们发了一封电子邮件的那一天。我们发了Facebook的帖子。我记得所有我想好的东西现在都要爆炸了，它将是巨大的。我妈妈捐的。格蕾丝的妈妈捐赠了杰西的朋友和家人。然后它就死了几个小时。什么都没发生。因此，我决定在黑客新闻上发布之前从未发布过的黑客新闻。害怕那些我们会毁了我的评论。因此，我在黑客新闻上创建了用户账号，我不告诉团队，因为在这篇文章失败的情况下，我只是假装它从未发生过。所以，在黑客新闻上发表文章，就在几分钟内，这个排名第一的16，000家大学达到了每一项医疗服务，我们在接下来的六个月里，在短短几个小时内完成了每一项医疗服务。

\[00:08:49\] So completely exhausted spent the entire week trying to do
my job and also do on Watsky and a week later. I remember sitting in bed
and getting a Google Earth that was even featured on tech crunch. And
another embarrassing moment in retrospect but it was hard for me to
actually hold back the tears. And that\'s really embarrassing. But I was
so excited. Tech Crunch you have to understand like Tech Crunch and
hacker news for me and the team was like it the entirety of our startup
of our startup education. We hadn\'t missed a post in the last few years
and to be featured on both prominently over the course of a week was
more than we actually ever thought was possible for Watusi. So I
remember reading the post a few minutes later after kind of like the
emotion died down.

[00：08：49]我记得我坐在床上，得到的谷歌地球，甚至在科技危机。回想起来，又是一个尴尬的时刻，但我很难忍住眼泪。这真让人尴尬。但我太兴奋了。对我来说，科技缩略语你必须理解，就像科技缩略语和黑客新闻一样，整个团队就像我们创业教育的全部内容一样。在过去的几年里，我们没有错过一篇文章，在一周的时间里，在这两篇文章中我们都有突出的位置，这比我们想象中的Watusi更有可能。所以我记得几分钟后我读到了这篇文章，就像情绪平息了一样。

\[00:09:29\] I remember turning to my girlfriend at the time and asking
you Do you think that all the startups at Tech Crunch writes about are
secretly as crappy as we are.

[00：09：29]我记得当时我转向我的女朋友，问你，你认为科技公司的所有初创公司都像我们一样暗地里写着。

\[00:09:40\] And I figured I was like reading about watching Tech
Crunch. I saw this on Hacker News and I figured there\'s probably at
least one human being in the world that thinks we\'re like a real
organization. But in reality on the inside. Everything was broken no
full time employees we have no patients on the website no operations.
And at this point in my life I was still naive enough to think that all
other companies were perfect. I actually had this image in my mind of
employees at Google and Facebook just playing ping pong all day like I
just thought that\'s what people start startups do is just play ping
pong because everything was automated computers and everything. Nothing
was broken and all the graphs were just magically always go up into the
right I\'ve since learned that\'s not true. I\'ve learned that pretty
much every company probably at any start up you always kind of feel like
you\'re standing on a house of cards. And I imagine that the more
successful you are the larger that House of Cards feels. But I watched
the house of cards was really about to come tumbling down. I mean to
give you an idea of how broken our operations were. We had never in a
million years expected that we would fund all the treatments we had in
our pipeline. So we had no idea how we\'re going to find more patients.
We\'re completely on the Web site there are thousands of people going
with nothing to do and so we have two hospitals we work with one in
Nepal one in Guatemala. We call them both frantically saying we need
more patients we need more patients so go out there trying to find
patients. They go through all this work and then they can Poly\'s
information and they put it into a word document and they e-mail it to
us. We have no forms no admen nothing and they e-mail us as word
document and the word document will go to Mark and Mark would make sure
all the privacy waiver was there all the information everything was
signed and then Mark would send it to Sally. And Sally was doing a
residency in emergency medicine at UCSF which basically meant she was
working 24/7 as a doctor and Sally was our bottleneck. So we would text
message Psylocke like 15 times in one night. Sally you gotta prove this
patient we have no patients a website. Sally would sneak into the corner
of the emergency room and basically approve the Watsky profile from her
phone. Then Sally would email it to Grace. And Grace was responsible for
editing the content in publishing on the website.

[00：09：40]我想我就像是在看“技术缩略语”(TechCrunch)。我在“黑客新闻”上看到了这个消息，我想世界上可能至少有一个人认为我们是一个真正的组织。但实际上是内在的。一切都被打破了，没有全职员工，我们网站上没有病人，没有手术。在我生命中的这一刻，我仍然天真地认为所有其他公司都是完美的。实际上，我脑海中有这样一个形象：谷歌(Google)和Facebook的员工整天都在打乒乓球，就像我以为人们开始创业时所做的那样，只是打乒乓球，因为一切都是自动化的，电脑和所有东西都是自动的。没有任何东西被打破，所有的图表都是神奇的，总是上升到正确的位置。我了解到，几乎每一家公司-可能在任何一家初创公司-你总是觉得自己站在一堆纸牌上。我想你越成功，纸牌屋就越大。但我看到纸牌屋真的要倒塌了。我想让你知道我们的行动有多失败。一百万年来，我们从来没有料到我们会资助我们正在筹备中的所有治疗。所以我们不知道怎样才能找到更多的病人。我们完全在网站上，成千上万的人无所事事，所以我们有两家医院，一家在尼泊尔，一家在危地马拉。我们疯狂地打电话给他们，说我们需要更多的病人，所以出去找病人。他们通过所有这些工作，然后他们可以聚合的信息，他们把它放在一个文字文件，他们电子邮件给我们。我们没有表格，没有广告，他们用电子邮件将我们作为Word文档，Word文档将传递给Mark，Mark将确保所有的隐私声明都在那里，所有的信息都签署了，然后Mark将把它发送给萨利。萨利在加州大学旧金山分校做急诊住院医生，这基本上意味着她每周7天24小时都在做医生，而萨利是我们的瓶颈。所以我们会在一晚给精神病科发15条短信。莎莉，你得证明这个病人我们没有病人网站。莎莉会偷偷溜进急诊室的角落，从她的手机上基本上批准沃茨基的个人资料。然后莎莉会把它发电子邮件给格蕾丝。格蕾丝负责编辑网站上发布的内容。

\[00:11:41\] But Grace had been working on Watsky so much from her day
job in New York that she was having to sneak into the bathroom to edit
and publish quasi profiles from her phone so it became clear pretty
quickly that we needed at least one full time employee if Watsky he was
not going to implode. So I decided to quit my job and work on Wannsee
full time. And I only had three months of savings in the bank so my
objective was to go out and to raise enough money to covertly smile on
salary then hopefully the salary of a few other people.

[00：11：41]但是格蕾丝在纽约的日常工作中一直在研究沃茨基，以至于她不得不潜入浴室，从她的手机上编辑和发布准个人资料，所以很快就明白了，如果沃茨基不打算崩溃，我们至少需要一名全职员工。所以我决定辞去工作，全职工作。我在银行里只有三个月的存款，所以我的目标是出去筹集足够的钱，在薪水上偷偷地微笑，然后希望是其他几个人的薪水。

\[00:12:09\] So I read a bunch of a bunch of books on nonprofit
fundraising. I go out have a million meetings. I have no connections in
the valley at all and just fall completely flat on my face. Not a single
person will give us a cent and just like with for profits one of the
most challenging things about raising money initially is that no one
wants to be first. No one wants to be the first person to take the
gamble and support you. But beyond that there are a few things that make
fundraising as a nonprofit even more challenging. The first is that as a
4 probably had the opportunity to go to a fund and say at least attempt
to raise a five thousand dollar convertible note as a nonprofit. You
have to go to 100 people and try and raise five thousand dollars from
each one. It\'s incredibly time consuming. The other thing is that
there\'s no deadline there\'s no fat there\'s no round that\'s about to
end there\'s no limited amount of equity there is no urgency you just
constantly get pushed to the bottom of people\'s to do lists. And the
last thing is that people are just too nice and they don\'t want to say
no to you. So they kind of just end up stringing you along forever and
you just kind of keep turning your wheels until you eventually give up
so went out wasn\'t able to raise any money we start getting really
desperate. So we decide to enter this Huffington Post competition. We
make it to the finals of this helping cope Huffington Post competition.
The prize is ten thousand dollars which at the time seemed like the
largest sum of money on the planet. I was like doing the math was like I
can live for a year on 10k. So we enter the Huffington Post. We make it
to the finals. And the way the finals work is that it\'s an online vote
between us and one other nonprofit. I will never do another online and
competition for as long as I live. But it was the most stressful week of
our lives. We email everyone in the world you know. We Facebook message
every single one of our friends I get defriended by like 100 people
because I\'m being so annoying. We\'re stopping random people in the
street asking them to vote for Watsky and then it\'s 9p.m. the night
before night before voting closes at midnight and we\'re still like neck
and neck with this other nonprofit. And then all of a sudden we start
getting a bunch of votes. And I have no idea where these votes are
coming from. I\'m like I\'m like completely out like I if I sent another
Facebook message I\'m not kind of a single friend left. And it turns out
that Grace was at a bar and she convinced this bouncer to get every
single person to vote for what\'s on their phone before coming in.

[00：12：09]所以我读了一堆关于非营利筹款的书。我出去开了一百万次会。我在山谷里一点关系都没有，只是完全平躺在我的脸上。没有一个人会给我们一分钱，就像为了赚钱一样，最初筹集资金最具挑战性的事情之一就是没有人愿意成为第一位。没有人愿意成为第一个赌博和支持你的人。但除此之外，还有一些事情使得作为非营利组织的筹资更具挑战性。第一种情况是，A4可能有机会去一家基金，至少试图作为一个非营利机构筹集一张5000美元的可兑换票据。你得去找100个人，试着从每个人身上筹到5000美元。太费时了。另一件事是，没有最后期限，没有脂肪，没有即将结束的回合，没有有限的股权，没有急迫性，你只是不断地被推到人们名单的底部。最后一件事是人们太好了，他们不想对你说不。所以他们最终会把你永远绑在一起，而你只是不停地转动你的车轮直到你最终放弃，所以出去是无法筹集到任何钱的，我们开始变得非常绝望。所以我们决定参加赫芬顿邮报比赛。我们晋级决赛，帮助应付赫芬顿邮报的比赛。奖金是一万美元，当时似乎是这个星球上最大的一笔钱。我就像在做数学运算，就好像我能活一年一样。所以我们进入赫芬顿邮报。我们晋级决赛。决赛的工作方式是我们和另一个非营利组织之间的在线投票。只要我活着，我就再也不会在网上做另一场比赛了。但这是我们生命中压力最大的一周。我们给世界上的每个人发电子邮件。我们在Facebook上给我的每一个朋友发了条短信，因为我太烦人了。我们在街上拦住随机的人，让他们投票给沃茨基，然后是晚上9点。投票前一晚午夜结束，我们仍然和其他非营利组织并驾齐驱。然后突然间我们开始获得一堆选票。我不知道这些选票是从哪里来的。如果我再发一条Facebook短信的话，我就像完全出局一样，我不再是一个朋友了。结果是格蕾丝在酒吧里，她说服这个保镖让每个人在进来之前投票给他们手机上的东西。

\[00:14:31\] Applause.

[00：14：31]掌声。

\[00:14:33\] So we end up taking the lead. We win the competition at
midnight. The bartender apparently rings a bell and buys shots for
everyone in the bar to celebrate. So we won the competition immediately
after I\'m flying down to Palm Springs to spend Thanksgiving with my
dad. I mean the plane the plane lands and I start getting all these
messages in my phone and I see you have an e-mail from Polygram. He had
seen a recent post read on Hacker News the secret reason we had posted
this post on Hacker News was to get votes for the Huffington Post
competition. He had seen a post we\'ve done a hacker news and he wrote
an e-mail just two sentences and he said are you in the Bay Area. If so
I\'d like to meet. And I remember being so excited just could not
believe this was happening. I got out of body experience I was so
excited that I got off the airplane and left all of my luggage for
Thanksgiving on the airplane just completely left it behind. But it
didn\'t matter I had my phone. There were like I got to my dad\'s place
and I had like 15 people read my one sentence reply to make sure there
are no spelling errors or grammatical errors.

[00：14：33]所以我们最终领先了。我们在午夜赢得比赛。酒保显然敲响了门铃，为酒吧里的每个人买了一杯酒庆祝。所以当我飞到棕榈泉和我爸爸一起过感恩节的时候，我们马上赢得了比赛。我的意思是飞机着陆了，我开始在手机里收到这些信息，我看到你有一封来自Polygram的电子邮件。他最近在Hacker新闻上看到了一篇文章，我们在Hacker News上发布这篇文章的秘密原因是为了获得赫芬顿邮报比赛的选票。他看了一篇文章，我们做了一个黑客新闻，他写了一封电子邮件，只有两句话，他说你在海湾地区。如果是的话，我想见见。我记得当时太激动了，简直不敢相信会发生这种事。我从身体体验中走出来，我非常兴奋，下了飞机，把所有的行李都留在飞机上过感恩节，把它完全抛在身后。但我的手机没问题。就像我到了我爸爸的地方，我让大约15个人读了我的一个句子，以确保没有拼写错误或语法错误。

\[00:15:30\] Took me like 10 minutes to send it. But get back the next
week Jesse flies down from Portland. I don\'t think anyone twice knows
this but that was only the second time Jesse and I ever met in person
despite working either remotely for over a year and a half. We needed a
coffee shop or like kind of plan out or we\'re gonna say we meet
withP.G. Have an amazing meeting. He writes us our first check and
invites us to join. I see. So that\'s enough to convince grace to move
from New York Jesse to move from Portland we rent to a little apartment
in Mountain View. We have three bedrooms upstairs we convert the living
room into a full time office and we just work on Watsky 24/7 learned a
ton during what I see. Think the biggest thing for us. The first one was
just to focus on one metric that it was so easy for us to just like get
distracted by the million things that we had to do and we realized that
there is always a single thing that\'s most important there\'s always
one thing at any point time is the most important. And that for us it
was just so valuable to focus on that one thing.

[00：15：30]我花了大约10分钟才发出去。但下周杰西会从波特兰飞下来。我不认为任何人两次都知道这一点，但这只是杰西和我第二次面对面见面，尽管他们都在远程工作了一年半。我们需要一家咖啡店或类似的计划，否则我们就会说我们和P.G见过了。有一个很棒的会议。他给我们写了第一张支票，并邀请我们加入。我明白了。这就足以说服格雷斯从纽约搬来杰西搬到波特兰我们租到山景城的一间小公寓。我们楼上有三间卧室，我们把客厅变成了全职办公室，我们只在沃茨基工作，每周7天24小时都在我看到的时间里学到了一吨。对我们来说最重要的是。第一个就是专注于一个指标，这对我们来说很容易被我们必须做的百万件事情分心，我们意识到总有一件事情是最重要的，在任何时候都有一件事是最重要的。对我们来说，专注于这件事是非常有价值的。

\[00:16:24\] And for a lot of whites it was really just donations.
Average weekly donations was always focused on the second thing that we
realized. During my C that we learned was that we\'re not in this alone.

[00：16：24]对许多白人来说，这实际上只是捐赠而已。平均每周的捐款总是集中在我们意识到的第二件事上。在我的C中，我们了解到，我们并不是孤军奋战。

\[00:16:38\] I think it\'s so easy to think that all startups are
perfect and this was a time of my life where I realize that really all
the other companies are facing the exact same challenges we were they
were facing the same problems same opportunities and what we learned NYC
was really the only thing separating us from success.

[00：16：38]我认为所有的初创公司都是完美的是非常容易的，这是我生命中的一个时刻，我意识到所有其他公司都面临着完全相同的挑战-他们面临着同样的问题，同样的机会，而我们从纽约中学到的东西确实是唯一将我们与成功分开的地方。

\[00:16:53\] It was just hard work and not giving up. We realized that
if we never quit it\'s impossible for us to fail and the last thing we
learned was that it\'s OK to hand crank things it\'s OK to do things
manually in the beginning when you\'re still trying to figure out
what\'s going to work and what\'s not. So we did. I see obviously the
way I see works at the end you have Demo Day we pitched you a bunch of
investors and I started having these recurring nightmares where the only
non profits ever been accepted. I see. And I\'m having these recurring
nightmares that I\'m going to get on stage and I\'m going to do so
terribly that I see is never gonna invite another nonprofit to try and
I\'m like I\'m going to be that guy that ruins for everyone. So I
practice the pitch so much that losing my voice the day before demo the
worst fortunately comes back. Would you find on the pitch and it kind of
kicks off our next round of fundraising. So this time we learned a
lesson and we taught. We decided to try and do something crazy. We
decided to raise a round of donations and really all that meant was that
we picked an arbitrary date three months in the future and we said the
round\'s closing on this day and everyone said we\'re stupid. Like why
would you stop raising donations. But it worked. And for whatever reason
just having that day despite it being arbitrary was enough to convince
people to at least make a decision within those three months. So it
wasn\'t easy we went out we had 138 meetings in five states over three
months. We ended up convincing 14 people to support our operations. And
we got really lucky some of the best investors and technologists and
entrepreneurs in the world decided to back WannseeP.G. donated Ron
Conaway donated vetoed Khoso donated. You know Paul Bukaty Jeff Ralston
10 cent just the most amazing group of people on the planet. And that\'s
not a responsibility that we take lightly. So since raising that round
less than a year ago we\'ve been lucky enough to grow the team and
we\'ve definitely grown the team pretty slow compared to other startups
at our stage and I think that was the right decision. I think it\'s very
decision because you know to be honest we\'re not trying to build an
organization or a startup or worst case scenario. We get hired in a year
and a half. That\'s not possible because we\'re nonprofit. But even if
it was possible we\'re not interested in that. We\'re really trying to
build an organization that if we do well and if we get really lucky that
we hope we\'ll be around for 100 years. And what that means is that at
founding that initial team is just so important not just from a
technical perspective but from a culture and from a mission perspective
because if we do get lucky and what does exist for a long time hopefully
the characteristics of that founding team will be compounded
exponentially time and time again. And the last thing is just efficiency
that it\'s so tempting to just look at those top line revenue numbers
and just hire more people hire more people. But efficiency being our
core value. We\'ve found that it\'s actually kind of nice sometimes to
just embrace that challenge and the awkwardness of not hiring of not
having enough people to do everything you need to do because it forces
you to be more creative. It forces you to be more efficient and it
forces you to focus on what\'s most important. I\'ve made a ridiculous
number of mistakes at Watsa as a team will attest to. I tend to learn
just about everything the hard way. But I think one thing that I
fortunately did right was from the beginning only agreeing to hire
people that were a hell of a lot smarter and a hell of a lot better than
I was and as a result I think we\'ve built one of the most amazing teams
in the world we have Grace who is without a doubt the hardest working
most passionate person I\'ve ever met. Dan built the medical
philanthropy team of Pallant here Thomas just an amazing engineer. Neta
most talented designer I\'ve ever known. And as a result actually
everyday I come into the office you know I think to myself you know I
hope it\'s true. I hope it\'s true that you end up becoming the average
of the five people you spend the most time with because if that\'s the
case I think I\'m honestly mossie one of the luckiest people out there.
So as a result of the work the team did we grew a 1000 or 7 percent in
our first calendar year. But the stat that I\'m actually most proud of
is the fact that every single team member at Watsky raised more than ten
times the amount of money for patients that they took in their own
salary. So with growth comes challenges we have no shortage of them. A
few that are we\'re facing right now which are maybe of interest you
guys it\'s just the first is unsustainable growth that this definitely
falls into that good to have problem camp. But one of the things
there\'s like pressin and hype is kind of this double edged sword
because for our first year you know it was really hard for us to balance
resources between kind of like managing these short term spikes in
growth that you\'ll get from an article or press release and actually
building features that are going to help you succeed in the long run.
You obviously have to grow up both. You have to have patience. Next week
whenever article comes out. But you also have to invest in the future
and balancing those two is always challenging. The second is the
internet. When we started why see we were working with hospitals in two
countries. We\'re now working with hospitals in 19 countries. Most of
those hospitals just got access to the Internet very recently and for
most of them Internet access is spotty at best. And so it\'s been really
challenging to find out the best and most efficient ways to collect and
disseminate information and losses marketplaces are just really
challenging. I mean you obviously have to manage both sides. We have
donors on one side patients on the other. But what makes what\'s even
more challenging is that it\'s not at all like really a free market
because we leave patients posted until they\'re fully funded. We never
want to promise someone healthcare we can\'t deliver but at the same
time the cost of health care doesn\'t fluctuate based on donor demand
which means of surgeries for or buxus just 500 dollars regardless of
whether or not there\'s one donor interested in funding it or 100
donors. So behind the scenes we have to do some really interesting stuff
to try and replicate natural market dynamics so inclosing one question
people always ask us. They think we\'re crazy. They ask us why. Why are
you doing this. You know it\'s obviously not for the money. If money was
the single most important thing there are a bunch of other places we\'d
be working. It\'s not for the fame. Honestly the anxiety of preparing
for a talk like this probably takes a year off of my life. It is not
because it\'s easy. Building a nonprofit startup. Especially Watsky is
probably one of the hardest things anyone on our team will ever do. So
why do it. And I think the answer for us is that the idea that everyone
matters matters to us.

[00：16：53]这只是艰苦的工作，没有放弃。我们意识到，如果我们永不放弃，我们就不可能失败。最后一件我们学到的事情是，在一开始，当你还在努力弄清楚什么能起作用和什么不起作用的时候，手工做事是可以的。所以我们做到了。我明白了，很明显，我看到的工作方式，在最后你有演示日，我们给你介绍了一群投资者，我开始做这些反复出现的噩梦，在那里，唯一的非营利组织被接受了。我明白了。我经常做噩梦，我会在舞台上做噩梦，我会做得非常糟糕，以至于我再也不会邀请其他非营利组织去尝试了，我就像我会成为那个给每个人都毁了的人一样。所以我练习了很多，以至于在演示的前一天失去了我的声音，幸运的是，最糟糕的一天又回来了。你能在球场上找到我们的下一轮筹款吗？所以这一次我们吸取了教训。我们决定试着做些疯狂的事。我们决定募集一轮捐款，实际上，这意味着我们在未来的三个月里选择了一个任意的日期，我们说这一轮将在这一天结束，每个人都说我们是愚蠢的。比如你为什么要停止募捐。但成功了。不管出于什么原因，尽管这一天是武断的，但还是足以说服人们至少在这三个月内做出决定。所以，我们走出去并不容易，在三个月里，我们在五个州举行了138次会议。最后我们说服了14个人支持我们的行动。我们很幸运，一些世界上最好的投资者、技术专家和企业家决定支持WannseP.G.捐赠RonConaway，并否决了Khoso的捐赠。你知道保罗·布卡蒂·杰夫·拉斯顿10美分，这是地球上最令人惊奇的一群人。这不是我们掉以轻心的责任。因此，自从不到一年前提出了这一轮谈判以来，我们非常幸运地壮大了这个团队，而且与我们所处阶段的其他初创公司相比，我们的团队成长速度肯定很慢，我认为这是正确的决定。我认为这是一个非常重要的决定，因为老实说，我们不是在试图建立一个组织、一个创业公司或最坏的情况。一年半后我们就被录用了。那是不可能的，因为我们是非盈利的。但即使有可能，我们对此也不感兴趣。我们真的在努力建立一个组织，如果我们做得好，如果我们真的很幸运的话，我们希望我们能活100年。这意味着，在创建初期团队时，不仅从技术角度，而且从文化和使命的角度来看，都是如此重要，因为如果我们运气好，并且长期存在，希望这个创始团队的特征能够成倍地增加，一次又一次。最后一件事就是效率，只要看看那些收入最高的数字，只需雇佣更多的人，雇佣更多的人就很有诱惑力了。但效率是我们的核心价值。我们发现，有时候接受这个挑战是很好的，而且不雇佣足够的人去做你需要做的任何事情的尴尬之处在于，这会迫使你更有创造力。它迫使你更有效率，它迫使你专注于什么是最重要的。我在沃特萨犯了很多可笑的错误，这是一支球队会证明的。我倾向于以一种艰难的方式学习几乎所有的东西。但我认为，幸运的是，我从一开始就同意聘用比我聪明得多，比我好得多的人。因此，我认为我们建立了世界上最了不起的团队之一，格蕾丝无疑是我见过的工作最努力、最热情的人。丹在这里建立了帕兰特的医疗慈善团队，托马斯就是一位了不起的工程师。Neta是我所认识的最有才华的设计师。结果，实际上，每天我走进办公室，你知道，我对自己说，你知道，我希望这是真的。我希望这是真的，你最终会成为你花的时间最多的五个人的平均水平，因为如果是这样的话，我认为我是最幸运的人之一。因此，由于团队的努力，我们在第一个日历年度增长了1000%或7%。但我最自豪的是，沃茨基的每一位团队成员为病人筹集的钱是他们自己拿来的钱的十倍以上。因此，随着增长带来挑战，我们并不缺乏这些挑战。我们现在面临的几个问题，你们可能很感兴趣，只是第一个是不可持续的增长，这肯定属于有问题阵营的好处。但有一件事和压力和炒作类似，那就是这把双刃剑，因为在我们的第一年里，你知道，我们很难在某种程度上平衡资源，比如管理这些短期的增长高峰，这是你从一篇文章或新闻稿中得到的，而实际上，这些特性将帮助你在长期内取得成功。很明显你必须同时长大。你得有耐心。下周只要有文章出来。但你也必须投资于未来，平衡这两者总是很有挑战性的。第二个是互联网。当我们开始研究为什么要和两个国家的医院合作的时候。我们现在与19个国家的医院合作。这些医院大多是最近才进入互联网的，而对大多数医院来说，互联网的接入充其量也是杂乱无章的。因此，找出收集和传播信息的最佳和最有效的方法是非常具有挑战性的，市场也是非常具有挑战性的。我的意思是很明显你必须处理好双方。一边是捐赠者，一边是病人。但是，让这个问题更具有挑战性的是，它根本不像一个真正的自由市场，因为我们让病人在他们获得全额资金之前被公布。我们从来不想向别人承诺我们无法提供的医疗保健服务，但与此同时，医疗保健的成本不会因为捐赠者的需求而波动，这意味着手术或共济会只需要500美元，不管是否有一个愿意为它提供资金的捐赠者，还是100个捐赠者。因此，在幕后，我们必须做一些非常有趣的事情来尝试复制自然市场动态，所以在结束一个问题时，人们总是会问我们。他们认为我们疯了。他们问我们为什么。你为什么要这么做。你知道这显然不是为了钱。如果说钱是最重要的事情，那么还有很多其他的地方需要我们去工作。不是为了名声。老实说，为这样一次演讲做准备的焦虑可能会让我的生活中断一年。这并不是因为这很容易。建立一家非盈利的初创公司。尤其是沃茨基可能是我们团队中最难做的事情之一。那为什么要这么做。我认为我们的答案是，每个人对我们都很重要。

\[00:23:04\] You know think back on human history and ask yourself is
there a difference. Is there a difference between denying someone their
rights because of their race and denying Priyanka the right to use her
hand because she was born on the wrong side of an imaginary line. You
know ask yourself is there a difference. Is there a difference between
denying someone the right to vote because of their sex and denying
violin the right to see because he was born into a poor family. You
don\'t ask yourself is there a difference between denying someone the
right to speak their minds and denying Titus the right to live long
enough to ever learn how to speak in the first place. In the next 10
years just about every single person on the planet is going to be
conducted for the first time in human history. And I believe that
that\'s going to be the beginning of a transition just like we
transition from families to villages from villages to towns from towns
to cities cities states and states of countries. I believe we\'re in the
process of transitioning from countries to a world. And when that
happens it\'s going to be impossible. To deny the fact that every single
person in the world matters and I honestly don\'t know. We don\'t know
what role what is going to play in that process. But what we do know is
that when we look back on our lives in history and 50 years that
whatever we accomplish will have been worth the effort. Thanks.


[00：23：04]你知道，回想一下人类历史，然后问自己有什么不同吗？否认某人的权利是因为他们的种族和拒绝普里扬卡使用她的手的权利是有区别的，因为她出生在一条假想线的错误的一边。你知道，问问自己，这有什么区别吗。因为某人的性别而拒绝投票的权利和因为他出生在一个贫穷的家庭而剥夺他看东西的权利之间有什么区别吗？你不会问自己，否认别人说话的权利和拒绝提多活到足以学会说话的权利是有区别的吗？在接下来的10年里，地球上几乎每一个人都将在人类历史上第一次进行。我相信这将是一个转变的开始，就像我们从家庭到村庄，从村庄到城镇，从城镇到城市，从各州到各州一样。我认为我们正处于从国家向世界过渡的过程中。当这种情况发生的时候，那将是不可能的。否认世界上每一个人都很重要，我真的不知道。我们不知道在这个过程中将扮演什么角色。但我们所知道的是，当我们回顾我们在历史和50年中的生活时，我们所做的一切都是值得的。谢谢

