**Closing Remarks at Startup School NY 2014-ksDTT-pm73k.mp4**

*2014年纽约创业学校闭幕词-k-DTT-pm73k.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Wow. It is it is a good thing we close the show with Chase
and Wannsee. I am so proud that Y Combinator started accepting
non-profit applications and we could not have had a better inaugural
nonprofit than Wazza if any of you are starting a nonprofit to have
friends who are here all are just as welcome to apply to ISY as you are
would be with your for profit startups. Well. A zit. It\'s all over. Not
totally over we\'ve got some mingling and some pizza afterwards but
before we get there I have a couple announcements one Cameroon has lost
40 0. It\'s not close unfortunately. Croatia were the victors. Now in
other news this whole event this was a first time effort here in New
York and I could not be happier.

[00：00]哇这是一件好事，我们结束了与蔡斯和万西。我很自豪，Y Combinator开始接受非盈利的申请，我们没有比Wazza更好的成立非营利组织了，如果你们中的任何一个想要在这里有朋友的话，我们都同样欢迎你们申请ISY，就像你们会和你们的盈利初创公司一样。井一个青春痘。一切都结束了。还没有完全结束，后来我们有了一些交友和披萨，但在我们到达之前，我有几个公告宣布喀麦隆输掉了40分。不幸的是，比分还没有接近。克罗地亚是胜利者。现在，这整个事件是纽约第一次努力，我无法再高兴了。

\[00:00:50\] But I want all of you to let us know everyone who is on
stage. Please tweet at them with questions you can tweet at Y Combinator
we\'re reading those who tweet at me at Alexis Ohanian. We want the
feedback because we want to keep doing this. We want to keep improving
and an event like this doesn\'t happen without the work of a lot of
amazing people. So first I want to thank all the speakers who came up
here. I want to thank the startups because those startups. Yes I will.
Clap. Through this. These startups who came up and presented they were
just randomly chosen from the audience. OK. On top of all that pressure
there just attendees just like all of you I\'m covering for them yes.
And. And finally all the people here behind the scenes made this work.
All the people the best buy theater rock and the cameras the sound and
then everyone at Y Combinator and in particular Tara Irina and Kat for
putting on this amazing event.

[00：00：50]但我希望你们都能让我们知道舞台上的每一个人。请用问题向他们发推，你可以在Y组合器上发推文，我们正在读那些在Alexis Ohanian向我发推文的人。我们需要反馈，因为我们想继续这样做。我们想要不断的进步，如果没有很多了不起的人的努力，这样的事情是不可能发生的。首先，我要感谢在座的所有发言者。我想感谢那些初创公司因为那些初创公司。是的我会的。鼓掌通过这个。这些刚出现并展示的初创公司只是随机从观众中挑选出来的。好的除了所有的压力之外，还有与会者，就像你们所有人一样，我在为他们打掩护，是的。和最后，所有幕后的人都做了这件事。所有的人，最好的购买剧院，摇滚和相机，声音，然后每个人在Y组合，特别是塔拉伊琳娜和凯特为举办这一令人惊异的活动。

\[00:01:42\] So please thank you to all of you really made has made this
wonderful.

[00：01：42]所以请感谢你们所有的人，让这一切变得美好。

\[00:01:49\] And of course you all. You all made this great. And I hope
this is like I said we\'ll clap clap for you guys too. Yes. Thank you.
Like I said Please keep the feedback coming please keep the
conversations coming. And remember this isn\'t the last time this isn\'t
the last start of school. In fact we\'re doing one in London next month
if you guys Fancy a trip across the pond there\'ll be another one in the
valley a few months from now and we\'re actually having the first ever Y
Combinator hackathon which you can still apply to August 2nd and 3rd.
Please go online apply if you want to come out of the valley. The pizza
is not as good but the hackathon should be a lot of fun. It\'s our first
ever effort. So finally guys again thank you so much for coming out.
Please keep the feedback coming. Please keep the conversations coming.
And yes there is pizza and the best way to get it is through either one
of these side exits. You will not be left behind. I guarantee it will be
a slice of pizza waiting for you. Thank you again thank you so much.

[00：01：49]当然还有你们所有人。你们都做得很好。我希望这就像我说的那样，我们也会为你们鼓掌。是谢谢。就像我说的，请保持反馈，请继续对话。记住，这不是最后一次，这不是学校的最后一次开学。事实上，我们下个月将在伦敦做一次，如果你们想要一次穿越池塘的旅行，几个月后在山谷里还会有另一次，我们实际上正在举办第一次Y组合黑客马拉松，你仍然可以申请到8月2日和3日。如果你想从山谷里出来，请上网申请。比萨饼没那么好吃，但黑客马拉松应该很有趣。这是我们第一次努力。最后，伙计们再次感谢你们的出柜。请保持反馈。请让谈话继续进行下去。是的，有比萨饼，最好的办法是通过这两个出口中的任何一个出口。你不会落在后面。我保证会有一片比萨饼等着你。再次感谢，非常感谢。

\[00:02:41\] Wonderful Night.


[00：02：41]美妙的夜晚。

