**David Lee at Startup School NY 2014-Dt-8Io0i\_F4.mp4**

*2014年纽约创业学校的David Lee-DT-8Io0i\_F4.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Right now we have pretty special investor here right now
David Lee has done a thing or two with investing over the years he\'s
one of the founding members and one of the founding partners rather of
the angel a little investment outfit you may have heard of invest that
in a few things. Airbnb indeed. Dropbox Twitter Snapchatetc. So let\'s
hear a little bit of his insights gained over the years about all things
startups. Please Clap it up. David.

[00：00]现在我们这里有非常特别的投资者，大卫·李多年来在投资方面做了一两件事，他是创始成员之一，也是创办人之一，而不是天使-你可能听说过在一些事情上投资的小投资机构。的确是Airbnb。Dropbox，Twitter，Snapchat等。因此，让我们听听他多年来对所有创业公司的见解。请把它卷起来。大卫。

\[00:00:43\] So I have to admit some I\'ve I\'ve spoken a lot I\'m a
little nervous right now. My daughter is here. I\'ve never spoken in
front of her and my mother in law is here so if I stumble just you know
bear with me.

[00：00：43]所以我不得不承认，我已经说了很多话，我现在有点紧张。我女儿在这里。我从来没有在她面前说过话，我的岳母也在这里，所以如果我绊倒了，你知道，你要容忍我。

\[00:00:59\] But let me just say this there has never been a more
exciting or better time to start a company from what\'s happening in
mobile computing and different areas like drones virtual reality bitcoin
bioinformatics. There are so many different areas to explore as as a as
a startup founder. So I\'m really honored to be here and really excited
for you as you think about starting a company.

[00：00：59]不过，让我直截了当地说，在移动计算领域和无人机、虚拟现实、比特币生物信息学等不同领域，创立一家公司的时机从来没有像现在这样令人兴奋或更好。作为初创公司的创始人，有那么多不同的领域需要探索。所以，我真的很荣幸来到这里，在你考虑创办一家公司的时候，我真的为你感到非常兴奋。

\[00:01:30\] So as Alexis mentioned I\'ve been angel investing since
2007 really with Ron.

[00：01：30]正如亚历克西斯所提到的，我从2007年起就一直在天使投资，真的和罗恩在一起。

\[00:01:37\] I\'ve been doing that with Ron Conaway and ASV Angel. So
it\'s been about seven years but it feels like dog years through that
time. I\'ve worked with probably over 500 founders in the team and I at
SFA annual have reviewed over 6000 business plans.

[00：01：37]我一直在和RonConaway和ASV Angel一起做这件事。所以已经过去了大约七年，但从那以后感觉就像狗年。我和团队中可能有500多位创始人一起工作过，我在SFA年度会议上已经审阅了6000多份商业计划。

\[00:01:55\] So as Alexis mentioned some of those companies and I don\'t
know where the clicker is. Some of those companies include Pinterest
Dropbox square stripe geared hub. Many of these companies and many of
these founders have spoken here at Startup School. So I really encourage
you to go back go to YouTube listen to their stories because some of
their stories are really telling because particularly when they start
their company they\'re not the people that you see today.

[00：01：55]正如Alexis提到的，有些公司我不知道点击器在哪里。其中一些公司包括Pinterest Dropbox方形条形齿轮轮毂。这些公司中的许多人和这些创始人都曾在创业学校发表过演讲。所以我鼓励你回到YouTube上去听他们的故事，因为他们的一些故事是真实的，尤其是当他们开始他们的公司时，他们不是你今天看到的那个人。

\[00:02:30\] So given all of this data that we have and obviously given
the number of companies that we\'ve reviewed and the companies that
we\'ve worked with not all if not most of the companies are not the
Pinterest Dropbox Airblade and stripe.

[00：02：30]因此，鉴于我们拥有的所有这些数据，显然，考虑到我们审查过的公司的数量，以及我们曾与之合作过的公司-如果不是全部的话-大多数公司不是Pinterest Dropbox Air刀片和Stripe公司。

\[00:02:44\] I thought what I would do today is for you is really three
things. The first thing I would do is tell you a little bit about what
we look for at Assefi Angel when evaluating a startup. The second thing
I want to do is I want to talk a little bit about what you should be
looking for when picking investors. There\'s never been a better time as
a as a startup founder to seek financing reasons which I\'ll get into a
little bit later and so it\'s important to be discerning and think about
what you should be looking for in the final thing that I\'m going to
share is the biggest lesson that I\'ve learned from Ron Conway in my
seven years of working with him.

[00：02：44]我以为我今天要为你们做的是三件事。我要做的第一件事就是告诉你，当我们评估一家初创公司时，我们在Assefi天使公司寻找什么。我想做的第二件事是，我想谈谈你在选择投资者时应该寻找什么。作为一名初创公司的创始人，寻求融资理由的时机再合适不过了，我会在稍晚些时候进入这一阶段的。因此，重要的是要有洞察力，思考你应该在最后一件事上寻找什么-这是我在与罗恩·康韦(RonConway)合作七年中从他身上学到的最大的教训。

\[00:03:26\] So as Alexis mentioned you know Ron is a prolific angel
investor he\'s been investing since for about 20 years and really
invented this class of angel and seed investing. And this one thing he
taught me. I bring it up over and over again and I think it has
particular relevance for you as a startup founder or if you decide to
work for a company or you decide to be an investor. And frankly it\'s
the one lesson that I always think about when we decide whether or not
to invest in a founder again. So before I get more specific I want to
tell you a story about the first founder or entrepreneur that I\'ve ever
known and that\'s my dad. So my dad graduated with hisPh.D. in
mechanical engineering from UCLA in 1962. He was the first Asian to
graduate in that graduate program and then in the mid 70s he worked at a
company called Alpha Industries. And so for those of you I mean this
probably I\'m dating myself but in the mid 80s mid 70s Route 128 in
Boston that was Silicon Valley Silicon Valley was the upstart that was
Silicon Valley SoMa as hot as you can get. And he was a senior engineer
at one of these high flying companies. So he did that for about five
years and one day and this is about the early 80s he decided to quit.
And he realized that even though he was very happy doing what he was
doing and he had two kids to provide for a family he wasn\'t following
his passion and his passion really was building things for other people
and for other companies. And he thought if others could do it why
couldn\'t he. So he just quit. Didn\'t know what the product was and
decided to go out on his own a very risky venture.

正如亚历克西斯所提到的，罗恩是一个多产的天使投资者，他投资了大约20年，并真正发明了这类天使和种子投资。这是他教我的一件事。我一次又一次地提起这个问题，我认为它对你作为一个初创公司的创始人，或者如果你决定为一家公司工作，或者你决定成为一名投资者，都有着特别的相关性。坦率地说，当我们决定是否再次投资于一位创始人时，这是我一直在思考的一个教训。因此，在我讲得更具体之前，我想给大家讲一个关于我认识的第一位创始人或企业家的故事，那是我的父亲。我父亲1962年毕业于加州大学洛杉矶分校，获得了机械工程博士学位。他是第一个毕业于这个研究生项目的亚洲人，在70年代中期，他在一家名为Alpha Industries的公司工作。所以对你们这些人来说，我的意思是，这可能是我自己在约会，但在80年代中期，70年代中期，波士顿的128号公路，也就是硅谷，是一个新贵，也就是硅谷，就像你所能得到的一样火爆的硅谷索马。他是一家高飞公司的高级工程师。所以他做了五年零一天，这大约是80年代初，他决定辞职。他意识到，尽管他很高兴做他正在做的事情，而且他有两个孩子要养活一个家庭，但他并没有追随自己的热情，他的热情实际上是在为其他人和其他公司建立东西。他想，如果别人能做到，为什么他不能。所以他就辞职了。不知道产品是什么，所以决定自己出去冒险。

\[00:05:25\] So the first product that he built was of the first fully
automated fortune cookie machine. So before my dad\'s machine you made
fortune cookies by hand. And he built the machine that automated the
whole process so he was sort of a robotic startup before it\'s time. And
I don\'t know if any of you remember there there used to be those
fortunes with the smiley faces on them. Those were my dad\'s. That\'s
how I went to college.

[00：05：25]所以他制造的第一个产品是第一台全自动幸运饼干机。所以，在我爸爸的机器之前，你用手做了幸运饼干。他制造了一台自动完成整个过程的机器，所以他在时间到来之前就成了一家机器人初创公司。我不知道你们中是否有人还记得曾经有过那些有笑脸的人。那是我爸爸的。我就是这样上大学的。

\[00:05:55\] So laughter so please thank you.

[00：05：55]所以请笑，谢谢。

\[00:06:04\] But this was the first product that he was going to use to
catapult his whole company because he wanted to build other things. But
it turns out there was actually a decent market for Fortune Cookie
machines and fortune cookies. People eat them. And 30 years later at 79
years old he is still building these machines and he\'s doing it. I mean
it\'s a great story and it sounds good. He\'s doing it in one part
because he loves it. He would rather do nothing else than build. But
there\'s another part where he does it because he has to. He does it
because he has to do it to keep the lights on because this 30 year
journey which I witnessed and lived through.

[00：06：04]但这是他第一次用这个产品来弹射他的整个公司，因为他想建造其他的东西。但事实证明，“财富”饼干和幸运饼干是一个不错的市场。人们把它们吃了。30年后，79岁的他还在制造这些机器，他正在做。我是说，这是个很棒的故事，听起来不错。他之所以这样做，是因为他喜欢它。他宁愿什么也不做，而不愿建造。但他还得做另一件事，因为他必须这样做。他这么做是因为他必须这样做才能让灯亮着，因为我目睹和经历了30年的旅程。

\[00:06:44\] It\'s something the ups and downs. It\'s something that
were borderline. I mean it\'s gut wrenching. It\'s really hard and I\'m
sure a lot of founders have talked about this but there is the one thing
that I\'ve learned in that sort of being his son is the price you have
to pay in order to do what you love for a living. And that\'s a pretty
steep price. And that\'s why we try to really stand behind all of the
founders who do it because we know it\'s not easy. So with that in mind
I want to jump into what we look for at Assefi Angel. So I\'m going to
give access to all of you to this one document and many a here at
Wykeham air have seen it and it\'s document that we have used since I
started working at Assefi angel. It\'s a document that Ron wrote 20
years ago and a document that we refined over time and it\'s the one
document that that\'s really it\'s our Magna Carta.

[00：06：44]这是一些起起落落的东西。这是一种边缘性的东西。我是说这很痛苦。这真的很难，我相信很多创始人都谈到过这一点，但我在做他儿子的过程中学到了一件事，那就是你必须付出代价才能做你喜欢做的事。这是一个相当昂贵的价格。这就是为什么我们试图真正支持所有这样做的创始人，因为我们知道这并不容易。因此，考虑到这一点，我想跳到我们在Assefi天使公司寻找的东西。所以我要让你们所有人都能看到这一份文件，在Wykeham Air的许多人都看到了这份文件，这也是自从我开始在Assefi天使公司工作以来我们一直使用的文件。这是罗恩20年前写的一份文件，也是我们经过一段时间改进的一份文件，这份文件实际上就是我们的“大宪章”。

\[00:07:43\] It\'s our Bill of Rights and it\'s called appropriately
what Ron NSV angel look for in a company. And it is simply just a
laundry list of items that we look for over the and over the years
things that that just remind us. It\'s almost like a checklist. And so
given that it\'s a laundry list. And I will share this with you
afterwards. What I wanted to do is just point out one or two laundry
list items and tell you you know what we look for and why these things
are important to us. So the first point that I want to highlight is that
in the very first line in this document and this is the this is a
sentence that Ron wrote 20 years ago so you have this title and then you
have this line. And so for those this is a little inside baseball you
can see this is sort of a weird lots of weird typos all caps. This

[00：07：43]这是我们的权利法案，它恰如其分地称为罗恩·NSV天使在一家公司寻找的东西。这只是一张清单，上面列出了我们多年来一直在寻找的物品，这些都提醒着我们。就像一张清单。所以考虑到这是一份洗衣单。之后我会和你分享这件事。我想做的只是指出一两件衣服清单，告诉你我们要找什么，为什么这些东西对我们很重要。所以我要强调的第一点是，在这份文件的第一行，这是罗恩20年前写的一句话，所以你有这个标题，然后你有这一行。所以对于那些，这是在棒球里面，你可以看到，这是一种奇怪的，很多奇怪的排字，所有的帽子。这，这个

\[00:08:38\] is just how low a lot of grammatic grammatical nets in this
document but this document talks about the team we had us angel we look
at Founders first ideas second we believe that ideas morph. But people
don\'t. If we like the founder and we believe in the founder more than
likely we will invest. If it\'s a sector that we like and for us there
are some particulars we may like. We\'ve always preferred founders who
build things for themselves or founders whose company is an extension of
their life story. In that the founding of a company has been built.
It\'s been built up over years but not all startups are like that. And
one thing I do want to emphasize is that while we look for may be very
different from what other investors look for and so hopefully though
that this is just one proxy and some insight into how we make decisions
so one of the qualities that I want to talk about and one of the items
in our laundry list is this good elevator pitch. Keep it simple. Now
again this probably you know if I was looking at this for the first time
eyes would glaze over I\'d say of course you have to have a good
elevator pitch. You know this is it\'s written in every single MBA
textbook but this is there\'s a nuance to this. So in this environment
where startups are more popular than ever and more smart people are
going to startups than ever. I believe that the single most important
skill for a founder as the leader of his or her company is to be able to
express their vision to other people and your ability to communicate
that to prospective employees investors and customers is critical in
this environment where there\'s so much noise and people have so many
different options. You know when you start your company and you\'re
trying to hire somebody you will see how many options this candidate
has. And I want to be clear about something as well. You know this is
not about being a great public speaker. This is not about you know being
Ronald Reagan or Bill Clinton and having this magnetic charisma. You
know some of the best startup pitchers in the best start of founders
that I\'ve known are some of the most classically inarticulate people
that you would meet. And you know experts say that 80 percent of
communication is nonverbal. It\'s body language and your ability to
express that vision is critical in this environment. So I want to give
one example or one story of this. So I met Rick Morris and in at Y
Combinator Demo Day I think it was in the winter of 2011. Rick\'s
company comprehend clinical what they do is they take disparate data
sources in a Palantir like way and they bring them together and they
make the data actionable and usable to shorten and make clinical trials
more efficient for pharmaceutical companies and researchers at the time.
And that is this is not photo sharing it\'s not something that you look
at you go wow this is awesome. This is something that healthcareI.T. was
not something that made me lean forward and so at Demo Day Rick said hey
can can we grab some coffee and to be courteous I said yep let\'s grab
some coffee. And I knew what the pitch was and he told me about it and
he seemed like a very nice guy and his background was in this area. So
we ended up meeting about a week or two later and we met at this cafe on
University Avenue in Palo Alto. And for those of you who don\'t know
university avenues like the Times Square of startups in Silicon Valley
it\'s just you see everybody it\'s very loud it\'s very crowded. And so
we sat down in a coffee shop and again this was more of a courtesy see
if I could help him as an entrepreneur after demo day and he was able to
in that short period of time in that environment. He talked to me about
what he was trying to do and why this whole process was fundamentally
broken and why this was such a big opportunity and why he was the
person. And he talked about how this could impact people\'s lives and
the timing was right because what was happening with Obama care and what
was happening with the digitization of genomic data and his background
and Hall and his co-founder with expertise in machine learning. And by
the 40 45 minutes I was hooked. And we invested right there and his
ability to articulate that vision in this picture is a picture of him
with his co-founder signing our term sheet. I felt like if he could
pitch if he could make me interested in this topic in healthcare II.T.
in 45 minutes what could he do with a prospective employees or a
prospective investor or a prospective customer. And I just said that is
the type of person that I want to back. And for me as somebody who\'s 44
years old that is something I think about I think about does this person
have the potential to be somebody that I would want to work for and that
I would want to get behind. And so again he was not the most you know I
hope he\'s not listening. Most charismatic person but he was able to
express his vision in a very authentic way and that in a very authentic
infectious way. So the second item that I want to highlight from this
laundry list and that\'s Rick\'s company and again this is straight from
the document. Good listeners strong willed but flexible. So the flip
side of being a good communicator in my opinion is what I\'ve learned in
my time investing is that the very best founders are great listeners.
And by that I mean they\'re not. I don\'t mean listeners in the
empathetic sense. I mean listeners in the sense of taking multiple
inputs processing and synthesizing all of them and being able to come to
a decision or a point of view based on all of those inputs and sticking
to that that vision. You know Ron has always told me that Mark
Zuckerberg This is his greatest strength his ability to listen and think
about all the different opinions all the data points and come up with a
vision based on that is the best that he\'s ever seen. And so that
ability to me again you will have many investors you\'ll have many
advisers you\'ll have many mentors and they\'ll all be telling you
different things or or they may be telling you the same thing. And your
ability to process that and synthesize that and make your decision based
on that is something that it\'s really it\'s a skill that\'s invaluable
because we have seen many many founders who are strong willed but
inflexible. These are bad listeners. These are founders that we probably
wouldn\'t back again. These are founders who have a point of view and
it\'s inspirational and it\'s strategic and it\'s smart but it\'s wrong
and it\'s wrong in hindsight of course. But at the time the way they do
they just don\'t listen. They ignored the inputs because they have one
point of view. So I\'m going to use Rick again as an example. So we
invested in Rick. He did his seed. He then six months later as often
happens he hit a rough patch and he realized that not everybody bought
into his vision from a fundraising standpoint and not all the customers
were biting either. And so like all startups there was just this point
of doing okay but not doing great. And the thing that Rick did over and
I\'ve seen it. The thing that he did over this 16 month period is that
he really listened he got to multiple inputs. He really understood and
ask great questions. Why. Why aren\'t you buying this. Why aren\'t you
investing with one particular investor. He invested it. He pitched them
three times and he did this with multiple investors. And each time they
said no. He said Why what\'s the feedback. Why. Why wouldn\'t you
invest. What do I need to do better. And some of the things that they
told him he ignored. But some of the things that they told him he said
you know what they might be right. And when when those opinions
resonated with the opinions of his customers he took his product and he
moved it from a hosted solution to a SaaS solution. And by this third
pitch with this one investor the partner said to him You\'re the most
persistent SLB I\'ve ever met. And but he couldn\'t ignore the progress
made the fourth time he pitched this firm Sequoia Capital. The chairman
of the firm Doug Leonys stood up and clapped and they eventually
invested in his company. And that is I think this is the best example
one of the best examples that I\'ve seen of a founder getting to the
root cause. I can\'t tell you the number of times I\'ve seen I\'ve seen
companies pitch either investor or a customer and they say no and then
they give him the same pitch with maybe some progressive data and
they\'re not getting to the root cause as to why somebody is saying no
it\'s OK to go back. It\'s ok to be persistent. So long as you\'re going
with a different with a different angle and a different vector a more
informed angle or more form vector so those are just a couple of things.
And again what we look for in a company is really just a laundry list of
what we look for in people. I can\'t tell you the number of times I\'ve
been working with Ron and we talk about a founder and he\'ll say to me
here she is a good founder or she is she is a bad founder and they\'re
not he\'s not talking about Mark Zuckerberg or Ben Silbermann or the
people who have flamed out. These are just the people who are who are
going through their startup right now and it\'s because they do some of
these things. They do some of the things that are simple but not easy.
So that\'s those are just a couple of items and again I\'ll share this
list with you. Now I want to take sort of a flip side and talk about
what you should look for when looking when speaking to investors and
looking for money. So you\'re going to hear a lot of different
viewpoints and a lot of different advice in my opinion it\'s just one
thing and one thing only value add. The only thing you should think
about is that every investor needs to add value. And this statement is
kind of like a Rorschach test. It\'s like value add is different things
to different people and different founders. It means something
completely different for a first time founder doing an enterprise
company to a second time founder doing something and consumer. It
depends on the founder the market and the industry. And you as the
founder you should really think about be self-critical of your sort of
you and your company to think about what are some of the known unknowns
as Don Rumsfeld said. Like what are some of the challenges that I can
anticipate even though most of the challenges are going to be unknown.
You at least want to think about hey who do I think can help me. And
what do I need to do to get him in her him or her on my side. And so a
lot of founders focus on valuation dilution and we\'ve always said if
you just focus on this and you focus on value addvs. ownership in the
company then the valuation discussion just flows from that. So I\'ll
give you one example so we invested in a guy named Jason Tan and his
company is SIFF science. So Jason he was doing a company and is doing a
company that currently is in preventing fraud for e-commerce. As you as
some of you know e-commerce is changing the way people buy the way
people sell and so the fraud problems are different. And we invested in
him. We\'re very excited about the company and an opportunity came up
for him. Now this is now an opportunity came up for somebody an
individual named Max Levchin. You may know who he is. He was one of the
founders of PayPal probably one of the best people in the world when it
comes to this area and he\'s spoken here at Startup School. And Max said
to him Hey I want to get involved in this company and I want to help
you. But here\'s the thing I want you to to stay with me. I want you to
sit in our office. I want to mentor you one day a week. I want to really
dig deep and help you here. And I spoke to Jason about it and that the
terms were different probably more favorable to max than other
investors. But I said you have to do this. I mean this is you can\'t
were you know and not that he was. But don\'t worry about the dilution
or what your cap table looks like worry about getting the best people
who will add the most amount of value to your side if Max wanted to
invest and said Hey I\'ll give you 100k and maybe I\'ll have breakfast
with you once or twice a month. That\'s a different proposition than
what Max was offering. And so Jason without much thought decided to work
with Max and today he is a company that his is a company that\'s doing
well. And Max was instrumental in that and now that\'s an extreme case.
And hey for some of you and for many of you it\'ll be the case that the
biggest value add for the investor is that the money is green and that
they want to invest. But for those of you who have choices. And the
reason why I say that this is the best time to raise money is that you
will have more you have more choices than ever you know with what\'s
happening here at Y Combinator Angel List the Jobs Act crowdfunding
Kickstarter. These companies are changing the way that it is expanding
the number of sources for financing both debt and equity that you can
raise. There are many many companies now many may be overstating it but
it\'s not uncommon right now and I wouldn\'t be surprised if in the next
year there are many companies who get financed on Kickstarter. Some of
the other crowdfunding platforms and then go straight to the larger
cities. So with all of these different choices you really want to be
discerning in thinking about what value is an investor going to add. So
the final thing that I want to talk about and I\'m bumping up against my
time this is the one lesson that I\'ve learned from Ron. It\'s the
biggest lesson that I always think about and this is simply this. Never
forget your reputation is your biggest asset.

[00：08：38]本文档中语法网的数量是如此之低，但是这篇文章谈到了我们的团队，我们的天使，我们首先看到创建者的想法，其次是我们相信思想的变化。但人们不会。如果我们喜欢创始人，我们更相信创始人，我们就会投资。如果这是我们喜欢的一个部门，对我们来说，有一些我们可能喜欢的细节。我们一直倾向于那些为自己创造东西的创始人或那些公司是他们人生故事延伸的创始人。一家公司的成立已经建立起来了。它是多年来建立起来的，但并不是所有的初创公司都是这样的。我想强调的一件事是，虽然我们寻找的可能与其他投资者所寻求的完全不同，但希望这只是一种代理，也是对我们如何做出决定的一些洞察力，所以我想谈谈的其中一个特点，以及我们洗衣清单上的项目之一，就是这个很好的电梯宣传。保持简单。再来一次，你可能知道，如果我第一次看到这个，眼睛会呆滞的，我会说，当然，你必须有一个好的电梯音高。你知道这是每本mba教科书上写的，但这是有细微差别的。因此，在这样的环境中，创业公司比以往任何时候都更受欢迎，更多聪明的人将比以往任何时候都更倾向于创业。我认为，对于作为公司领导者的创始人来说，最重要的一项技能就是能够向其他人表达他们的愿景，而你与潜在员工、投资者和客户沟通的能力在这样的环境中至关重要，因为在这种环境中，噪音如此之大，人们有如此多不同的选择。你知道，当你开始你的公司，你试图雇用某人时，你会看到这个候选人有多少选择。我也想说清楚一些事情。你知道这不是为了成为一个伟大的公众演说家。这与你所知的罗纳德·里根或比尔·克林顿的魅力无关。你知道一些最好的创业投手在创始人的最佳开端，我认识的是一些最经典的口齿不清的人，你会遇到。你知道专家说80%的交流是非语言的。在这种环境中，它的肢体语言和你表达愿景的能力是至关重要的。所以我想举一个例子或者一个故事。所以我遇到了里克·莫里斯，在Y Combinator演示日，我想那是在2011年的冬天。Rick的公司理解临床他们所做的是他们以一种类似Palantir的方式获取不同的数据源，并将它们结合在一起，使这些数据具有可操作性和实用性，从而缩短和提高当时制药公司和研究人员的临床试验效率。这不是照片分享\不是什么东西，你看，你去，哇，这太棒了。这是健康护理IT并不能让我向前倾的东西，所以在演示日，瑞克说，嘿，我们能喝点咖啡吗？为了礼貌起见，我说，是的，我们去喝点咖啡吧。我知道球场是什么，他告诉了我，他看起来是个很好的人，他的背景就在这个地区。所以我们在大约一到两周后见面，我们在帕洛阿尔托大学大道上的一家咖啡馆见面。对于那些不了解硅谷时代广场(TimesSquare)这样的大学大道的人来说，只要你看到每个人，它就会非常嘈杂，非常拥挤。于是我们在一家咖啡店里坐了下来，这又是一种礼貌，看我能不能在演示一天之后帮助他，他在那个环境下能在很短的时间内帮助他。他跟我讲了他想做什么，为什么整个过程都被彻底打破了，为什么这是一个巨大的机会，为什么他是那个人。他谈到了这会如何影响人们的生活，时机是对的，因为奥巴马关心的事情，基因组数据的数字化，以及他的背景和霍尔以及他的共同创始人在机器学习方面的专业知识。到了40分钟45分钟我就迷上了。我们就在那里投资，他在这张图片中清晰地表达了他的愿景，这是他和他的共同创始人在我们的学期表上签名的一张照片。我觉得如果他能让我对医疗保健这个话题感兴趣的话，我觉得他能在45分钟内对一位潜在的雇员、一位潜在的投资者或一位潜在的客户做些什么。我只是说那是我想要支持的那种人。对我来说，作为一个44岁的人，这就是我所想的，这个人是否有潜力成为我想要为之工作的人，我想成为一个落后的人。所以他不是你所知道的最好的人，我希望他没有在听。最有魅力的人，但他能够以一种非常真实的方式表达他的愿景，并且以一种非常真实的、具有传染性的方式表达他的愿景。所以，我想从这个洗衣清单中突出显示的第二项，是瑞克的公司，这也是文件中的直接内容。好的倾听者意志坚强但灵活。因此，在我看来，做一个好的沟通者的另一面是，在我的时间投资中，我学到的是，最优秀的创始人都是伟大的倾听者。我的意思是他们不是。我指的不是同理心的听众。我指的是听众在接受多个输入、处理和综合所有输入的过程中，能够根据所有这些输入做出决定或观点，并坚持这一愿景。你知道，罗恩总是告诉我，马克·扎克伯格(MarkZuckerberg)，这是他最大的力量，他能倾听和思考所有不同的观点，所有的数据点，并在此基础上提出一个愿景，这是他所见过的最好的。所以，对我来说，你会有很多投资者，你会有很多顾问，你会有很多导师，他们都会告诉你不同的事情，或者他们会告诉你同样的事情。你处理、综合、做出决策的能力是很有价值的，因为我们看到很多创始人意志坚强，但不灵活。这些都是糟糕的听众。他们是创始人，我们可能不会再回来了。这些创始人都有自己的观点，这是鼓舞人心的，是战略性的，是聪明的，但事后看来，这是错误的，当然也是错误的。但在当时，他们就是不听。他们忽略了输入，因为他们有一个观点。因此，我将再次以Rick为例。所以我们投资了瑞克。他做了他的种子。六个月后，就像经常发生的那样，他遇到了困难，他意识到，并不是每个人都从筹款的角度来看待他的愿景，也不是所有的顾客都在咬他。因此，就像所有的初创公司一样，有一点做得还不错，但做得不太好。瑞克做的事我已经看到了。在这16个月的时间里，他所做的事情是，他真的听了，他得到了多个输入。他真的理解并问了很多问题。为什么你为什么不买这个。你为什么不和一个特定的投资者一起投资。他投资了。他给他们投了三次球，他和多位投资者一起做了这件事。每次他们拒绝。他问为什么反馈是什么？为什么你为什么不投资。我需要什么才能做得更好。他们告诉他的一些事情他忽略了。但是他们告诉他的一些事情他说你知道他们可能是对的。当这些意见与他的客户的意见产生共鸣时，他把他的产品从托管解决方案转移到SaaS解决方案。在第三次与这位投资者的对话中，这位合伙人对他说，你是我见过的最执着的SLB。但是他不能忽视他第四次创立红杉资本公司时所取得的进步。公司董事长道格·莱昂尼斯起立鼓掌，他们最终投资了他的公司。这就是我认为这是最好的例子-我见过的最好的例子之一-一个创办者从根本上解决问题的例子。我不能告诉你我见过的公司推销投资者或客户的次数，他们说“不”，然后他们给他同样的建议，也许是一些进步的数据，他们没有找到为什么有人说“不”的根本原因-回去是没问题的坚持下去是可以的。只要你有一个不同的角度和一个不同的向量，一个更知情的角度，或者更多的形式向量，那么这些只是几样东西。再说一遍，我们在一家公司里寻找的只是一张我们在人身上寻找的东西的清单。我不能告诉你我和罗恩共事的次数，我们谈论一个创始人，他会在这里对我说，她是一个好的创始人，或者她是一个坏的创始人，他们不是他不是在谈论马克·扎克伯格或本·西尔伯曼，也不是说那些已经发火的人。这些人现在正在经历他们的创业，这是因为他们做了一些这样的事情。他们做一些简单但不容易的事情。因此，这些只是几个项目，我将再次与您分享这个列表。现在，我想从另一个角度谈一谈，在与投资者交谈和寻找资金时，你应该寻找什么。所以在我看来，你会听到很多不同的观点和很多不同的建议，这只是一件事和一件事，只会增加价值。你唯一需要考虑的是，每个投资者都需要增加价值。这句话有点像罗夏测验。就像增值一样，对于不同的人和不同的创始人来说，是不同的东西。这意味着，创办人第一次做企业公司和第二次创办人做某事和消费者完全不同。这取决于创始人、市场和行业。拉姆斯菲尔德说：作为创始人，你真的应该考虑对你和你的公司进行自我批判，去思考一些众所周知的未知数，比如唐·拉姆斯菲尔德(DonRumsfeld)。就像我可以预见到的一些挑战，即使大部分的挑战都是未知的。你至少想想我认为谁能帮我。我该怎么做才能让他或她站在我这边。因此，许多创始人关注估值稀释，我们总是说，如果你只关注这个，而你只关注价值增值。在公司的所有权，然后，估值的讨论就是从这一点。我举个例子，我们投资了一个叫詹森·谭的人，他的公司是SIFF科学公司。所以詹森，他是在做一家公司，并且正在做一家公司，目前正在防止电子商务欺诈。正如你们中的一些人所知道的，电子商务正在改变人们的购买方式和销售方式，因此欺诈问题是不同的。我们在他身上投资了。我们对那家公司非常兴奋，给他带来了一个机会。现在，这是一个机会，一个人，一个名叫马克斯·莱文的人。你可能知道他是谁。他是贝宝(PayPal)的创始人之一，当谈到这一领域时，他可能是世界上最好的人之一，他在创业学校(StartupSchool)发表演讲。马克斯对他说，嘿，我想加入这个公司，我想帮你。但这是我想让你留在我身边的东西。我要你坐在我们的办公室里。我想每周有一天指导你。我真的想在这里深入挖掘并帮助你。我和杰森谈过这件事，条件不同，可能比其他投资者对max更有利。但我说你必须这么做。我是说，这是你不可能知道的，而不是他。但是，不要担心你的帽子表会被稀释，或者你的帽子表看起来会是什么样子？如果麦克斯想投资的话，最好的人会给你带来最大的价值，他说：嘿，我会给你10万块钱，也许我每个月会和你一起吃一两次早餐。这与马克斯的提议不同。于是，贾森不假思索地决定和Max一起工作，今天他是一家公司，他的公司做得很好。马克斯在这件事上起了作用，现在这是一个极端的例子。对你们中的一些人和你们中的许多人来说，对投资者来说，最大的增值就是资金是绿色的，他们想投资。但对于那些有选择的人来说。我之所以说这是筹集资金的最佳时机，是因为你将拥有比以往任何时候更多的选择-你知道Y组合天使名单上发生了什么-就业法案众筹Kickstarter。这些公司正在改变其扩大债务和股本融资来源的方式。现在有许多公司可能夸大了这一点，但现在这种情况并不少见，如果明年有许多公司在Kickstarter上获得融资，我就不会感到惊讶了。一些其他的众筹平台，然后直接去大城市。因此，在所有这些不同的选择中，你真的想要洞察一个投资者要增加什么价值。所以，我想说的最后一件事-和我的时间相提并论-这是我从罗恩身上学到的一个教训。这是我一直在思考的最大的教训，这就是。永远不要忘记你的名声是你最大的财富。

\[00:24:39\] Now you as the founder and this is also some laundry list
items from from this part you as the founder. What I can say is building
your reputation is the best investment you can make in your career in
technology. And it\'s the best way that you can sort of build your your
your career.

[00：24：39]现在你作为创办人，这也是一些洗衣清单项目，从这一部分，你作为创立者。我能说的是，建立你的声誉是你在科技事业中所能做的最好的投资。这是你建立事业的最好方式。

\[00:25:02\] What do I mean by that. What do I mean that is leading by
example. You want to be completely focused on your on your startup.
Everybody is going to be looking at you and you want to control what you
can control. I don\'t know how many startups or how many founders who
ignored this and who ignored the little things. So for example when Ron
did Ron we invested in 1998 he would talk about how they would have
seminars for best practices Sergei Brin and Larry Page where the only
ones who showed up to every single one. Now I\'m not saying that\'s
because that\'s why they\'re Google but it\'s just an example of
controlling what you can control.

[00：25：02]这是什么意思？什么叫以身作则。你想完全专注于你的创业。每个人都会看着你，你想控制你能控制的东西。我不知道有多少初创公司，有多少创始人忽视了这一点，谁忽视了这些小事。例如，当罗恩在1998年投资时，他会谈到他们将如何举办最佳实践研讨会，谢尔盖·布林和拉里·佩奇是唯一出现在每个人面前的人。现在我不是说这是因为他们是谷歌的原因，但这只是控制你能控制的东西的一个例子。

\[00:25:44\] Another example Joseph Wollar. Hello sign. We had Sefi
angel. We have cocktail parties for our CEO summits where we bring our
investors partners and CEOs.

[00：25：44]另一个例子约瑟夫·沃尔拉。你好签名。我们有塞菲天使。我们为我们的首席执行官峰会举办鸡尾酒会，让我们的投资者、合作伙伴和首席执行官参加。

\[00:25:56\] He came and he tapped me on the shoulder and he had a
yellow posted of all the people he wanted to meet who could be helpful
for his company. He was the only founder who did that and this was a
cocktail party. Most of it thought it was a boondoggle. He thought it
was work.

[00：25：56]他来了，他拍了拍我的肩膀，他贴了一张黄色的帖子，上面写了他想要见的所有能对他的公司有所帮助的人。他是唯一这么做的创始人，这是一个鸡尾酒会。大多数人都认为这是一只小混混。他以为是工作。

\[00:26:11\] I will never forget that. So in summary.

[00：26：11]我永远不会忘记这一点。总之。

\[00:26:21\] I\'ve given you a lot of sort of platitudes a lot of things
that could be written on tweets or fortune cookies. Be a good leader
lead by example. Look for value add stores. Be a good listener. But I
can\'t emphasize enough that that\'s just a starting point for this
journey that you\'re going on. We really know that this is simple but
not easy it\'s a lot of hard work to really follow and do what you love.
And we had SVR Angel can\'t be more excited about the environment and
can\'t be more excited about meeting you and possibly investing in you.
Good luck.


[00：26：21]我给了你们很多陈词滥调，很多东西可以写在推特或幸运饼干上。做一个好的领导者，以身作则。寻找增值商店。做一个好的倾听者。但我再怎么强调也不为过，那只是你将要进行的这段旅程的起点。我们真的知道，这很简单，但并不容易，这是很多艰苦的工作，真正跟随和做你喜欢的事情。我们有SVR天使，不能对环境感到更兴奋，也不能更兴奋地见到你，并可能对你进行投资。祝好运!

