**Introduction at Startup School NY 2014-VuVhxwwvCXQ.mp4**

*2014年纽约创业学校简介-VuVhxwwvCXQ.mp4*

\[00:00:01\] Hi everybody. You all realize this is the first start of
school here. And the amazing one of a kind unparallelled New York City.
It\'s exciting.

[00：00：01]大家好。你们都知道这是这里第一次开学。这是无与伦比的一种令人惊奇的纽约市。真令人兴奋。

\[00:00:12\] Yes.

[00：00：12]是的。

\[00:00:14\] This is the city that made me. I\'m from Brooklyn anyone
from Brooklyn here. So I expected that lots of good broken toys. Any
anyone here from the Bronx.

[00：00：14]这是造就我的城市。我来自布鲁克林，这里的任何人都是布鲁克林人。所以我希望有很多好的坏玩具。任何来自布朗克斯的人。

\[00:00:24\] Bronx represent. That\'s good loud and proud. How about
queens.

[00：00：24]布朗克斯代表。很大声，很骄傲。皇后区呢？

\[00:00:29\] Who has been going to work Queens tech showed up. And how
about Staten Island. That\'s what Noel everand probably a few of you
from Manhattan as well the idea. The easiest. Nice where those boos in
Brooklyn when we know we know Brooklyn\'s the best borough. We don\'t
need to rub it in their faces. We get in trouble. There\'s a bunch of
people here though who aren\'t even from New York City. You\'ve traveled
quite a ways to be here. I make some noise your. Yes. Thank you. Thank
you for coming I hope you have a wonderful time here in New York.

[00：00：29]一直在工作的皇后区技术人员出现了。斯塔顿岛呢。这就是诺埃尔·埃弗兰(NoelEverand)-可能是你们中的几个曼哈顿人-的想法。最简单的。当我们知道布鲁克林是最好的区的时候，布鲁克林的那些嘘声真是太好了。我们不需要在他们脸上擦。我们就有麻烦了。不过，这里有一群人，他们甚至不是从纽约市来的。你走了很远的路到这里来。我把你的声音弄得乱七八糟。是谢谢。谢谢你的光临，希望你在纽约过得愉快。

\[00:01:03\] As you can see it\'s another beautiful summer day in New
York City very mild temperate you know. I love it here though I really
do. And the first start of school is jism Y Combinator history that was
up in Boston and I was lucky enough to participate in it. My co-founder
and I Steve Hoffman I\'m Alexa\'s my co-founder and I Steve started
Reddit and we were at the very first start of school and trust me Hawai
see was just begging people to come and show up. This was such a new
thing this new idea. Back in 0 5 about helping you know early stage
founders just get insight from their peers from people who are doing it
and have done it in a way that was approachable in a way that was
helpful and in a room full of people who are all actually doing great
stuff. We don\'t want to have seen stories we don\'t want to have people
who are just sort of talking about doing startups who want to be with
people who are doing it and so know that you\'re in a really special
audience right now right. Everyone around you look to your left to your
right during all the breaks. These are all people doing cool stuff. So
please take advantage of the discussions you\'ll have here during the
intermissions just as much as you\'ll enjoy the talks you\'ll hear on
stage. This is exciting and I know I know a lot of you have decided to
come out in spite of the fact the World Cup is going on right now which
is important I wonder about your priorities. But clearly the right kind
of founders and just so you know I think Chilla is still up on Spain 1
0. I don\'t know how you guys feel about that. Rezvan upset some very
happy Shawlands here but we\'ll see what happens. But look I just wanted
to point out one of the thing you know we\'re also like you have to have
I think it\'s there are now 28 Y Combinator companies that are based
here in New York. And this is kind of exciting we\'ve got companies
let\'s see here we gotta anarchist hacker school one month rails
valuable rant hop we\'ve Rockett trip and I think Teek on US year from
Passon scribbles. These are all members of the Lycee family who spent
three months out in the valley. They worked on their company as they did
why they took advantage of all the sort of Silicon Valley Network and
then they came back here to grow their companies and that is awesome
because obviously our food is better because obviously the quality of
life here is better and because obviously this is one of the greatest
cities in the world. And so I\'m happy you guys are all here. I\'m still
happy Startup School is here and I hope the rest of this afternoon is
viable and entertaining for you all as I know it will be for me. And so
you know I have one other thing that I wanted to mention and this is
something I made sure I got my notes here yep this is something that I
cannot stress enough. I\'ve just gotten done in 80 university tour
across the country. All right I got to visit 80 universities and Canada
Arhat to the north. Yes Canada and I\'ve seen first hand the fact that
entrepreneurship is alive and well and students are taking it upon
themselves to just start building and start learning and start coding
and this is crazy to me because nine years ago I would have killed for
any ounce of this kind of energy. Back when I was just an undergrad at
UVA getting Reddit started and I can assure you some people here in this
audience are going to go on to do amazing world changing things so be
nice to everyone but also take full advantage of this moment. We are so
lucky to be talking about this stuff right. We are so lucky to be
sitting in a nice air conditioned auditorium talking about these amazing
opportunities we have because of the new economy because of technology
and because if you want to change the world you know in the internet age
you don\'t need open a factory you just need to open a laptop. Right.
That\'s a really big deal and we\'re really lucky to be here taking
advantage of it.


[00：01：03]你可以看到，这是纽约市又一个美丽的夏日，你知道，这是温和的温带。虽然我真的很喜欢这里。学校的第一个开始是Jism Y Combinator的历史，当时在波士顿，我很幸运地参加了这次活动。我和我的共同创始人史蒂夫·霍夫曼，我是亚历克莎，我是我的联合创始人，我是史蒂夫创办Reddit的，我们刚开始上学，相信我，夏威夷西只是乞求人们来看看。这是一个很新的东西-这个新想法。回到05年，帮助你认识早期的创始人，只是从那些正在做这件事的人那里获得他们的同事的洞察力，并以一种可以平易近人、乐于助人的方式去做，在一个满屋子都在做着伟大事情的人的房间里。我们不想看到故事，我们不想让那些谈论创业的人，他们想和正在做的人在一起，所以知道你现在一个非常特别的观众中。在所有的休息时间里，你周围的每个人都往左看，向右看。这些人都在做很酷的事。因此，请充分利用在休会期间你将在这里进行的讨论，就像你将在舞台上听到的演讲一样。这是令人兴奋的，我知道很多人已经决定出来，尽管世界杯正在进行，这是很重要的，我想知道你们的优先事项。但显然是正确的创建者，我认为奇拉仍然在西班牙10强。我不知道你们是怎么想的。雷兹文在这里惹恼了一些非常快乐的肖兰德，但我们会看到结果的。但听着，我只想指出一件事，你知道，我们也像你一样，我认为现在有28家Y组合公司总部设在纽约。这是一种令人兴奋的，我们有公司，让我们看看这里，我们有无政府主义的黑客学校，一个月的Rails，有价值的咆哮，我们的火箭之旅，我认为Teek在美国年从帕森涂鸦。这些都是莱塞家族的成员，他们在山谷里呆了三个月。他们在自己的公司工作，就像他们为什么利用所有的硅谷网络，然后他们回到这里来发展他们的公司，这是很棒的，因为很明显，我们的食物更好，因为这里的生活质量很明显更好，而且很明显这是世界上最伟大的城市之一。所以我很高兴你们都在这里。我仍然很高兴创业学校在这里，我希望今天下午剩下的时间对你们来说是可行的和有趣的，因为我知道这对我来说是可行的。所以你知道，我还有一件事我想提一下，这是我确保我在这里得到我的笔记的东西，是的，这是我无法强调的东西。我刚刚完成了80次全国大学之旅。好吧，我去了北方的80所大学和加拿大。是的，加拿大和我亲眼目睹了创业精神还很活跃的事实，而学生们开始建设，开始学习，开始编码，这对我来说是很疯狂的，因为九年前，我会为了任何一盎司的这种能量而杀人。回到我在UVA大学读本科的时候，我可以向你们保证，在座的一些人会继续做一些令人惊叹的事情，改变世界，所以要善待每个人，同时也要充分利用这一时刻。我们很幸运能正确地谈论这件事。我们很幸运地坐在一个舒适的空调礼堂里，谈论着我们拥有的这些令人惊奇的机会，因为新的经济，因为科技，以及如果你想改变世界，你知道，在互联网时代，你不需要开一家工厂，你只需要打开一台笔记本电脑。右（边），正确的这真的是件大事，我们很幸运能在这里利用它。

