**Office Hours at Startup School NY 2014-wKaJPZMOWVg.mp4**

*2014年纽约创业学校办公时间-wKaJPZMOWVg.mp4*

\[00:00:05\] So Gary tan and I are going to do on stage office hours.
This is most of what happens during my see the partners meet
individually with startups and we give them advice about whatever
problems they\'re facing. It\'s usually Twenty five minutes per startup.
But we\'re going to try to do three startups in 25 minutes. We\'ll see
how that goes. And.

[00：00：05]我和加里·坦要在舞台上办公时间做。这是我看到合伙人与初创公司单独会面时所发生的大部分事情，我们会就他们面临的任何问题向他们提供建议。每一家初创公司通常只需25分钟。但我们将尝试在25分钟内完成三家初创公司。我们会看看结果如何。而且。

\[00:00:25\] Yeah look for them. So can you send out the first. Alright

[00：00：25]是的，去找他们。所以你能送出第一个。好吧

\[00:00:33\] first started and we know there either. I see you. Sam.
I\'m.

[00：00：33]第一次开始，我们也知道。我看见你了。山姆。我是。

\[00:00:38\] I\'m going. Nice to meet you. Very nice to see you. Great.
So I guess to start you just tell us what you do.

我要走了。很高兴见到你。太好了。所以我想你应该先告诉我们你是怎么做的。

\[00:00:47\] We are Salovey. We had our users learned their value in the
job market. And we do that by crowdsourcing they\'re selling a
prediction.

[00：00：47]我们是萨洛维。我们让用户了解了他们在就业市场上的价值。我们通过众包来做到这一点，他们销售的是一个预测。

\[00:00:57\] Do users mostly look at this when they\'re changing jobs
they don\'t necessarily have to be changing or looking for jobs. But.
Dale.

[00：00：57]当用户换工作时，他们不一定要换工作或找工作的时候，大多数人都会看这个吗？但是.Dale。

\[00:01:06\] According to these 40 percent of American professionals
have docked in line that they might be underpaid. You have those kind of
users too.

[00：01：06]据这40%的美国专业人士说，他们可能收入过低。你也有这样的用户。

\[00:01:17\] So are users using this just to find out if they\'re
underpaid or because they\'re using it in salary negotiations. Is it
just for curiosity or are they really like saying I\'m underpaid.

[00：01：17]因此，用户使用这个工具只是为了找出他们是否薪酬过低，还是因为他们在薪酬谈判中使用它。这只是出于好奇，还是他们真的喜欢说我薪酬过低。

\[00:01:27\] So far we have been out partying each month. They are using
it for two years. Now how many users do you have. We currently have 9000
users and growing so fast. Our weekly growth rate is 10 percent.

[00：01：27]到目前为止，我们每个月都在外面聚会。他们用了两年。现在你有多少用户。我们目前拥有9000名用户，而且增长如此之快。我们每周的增长率是10%。

\[00:01:42\] So like these services tend to be most valuable when you
actually give people something not just for their curiosity but this
like this critical thing they need to have for something they really
care about. So how can you make this something that people are now using
just for curiosity. But but they\'re using because they really
desperately need this information they\'re acting on it.

[00：01：42]所以，当你给人们一些东西时，这些服务往往是最有价值的，这不仅是因为他们的好奇心，而且也是因为他们真正关心的事情需要他们拥有的这种关键的东西。那么，你如何才能使它成为人们现在只是出于好奇而使用的东西呢？但是他们正在使用这些信息，因为他们非常需要这些信息，他们正在对此采取行动。

\[00:02:02\] So you need to create an efficient market for phones to
Jack Murtha tonight. So basically make the jump. It could be more like
the stock market. So this is the first step for gold to price he\'s
accurately and then get one step closer to that stock market for apps.

[00：02：02]所以今晚你需要为杰克·默莎的手机创造一个有效的市场。所以基本上可以跳下去。这可能更像股票市场。因此，这是黄金准确定价的第一步，然后在应用程序上离股市更近一步。

\[00:02:21\] So you have 9000 users already. Yes.

[00：02：21]所以你已经有9000名用户了。是

\[00:02:24\] What\'s the most surprising thing surely you found people
who are radically underpaid can get them better jobs like creating to
other parts of the platform that employers come and they are going to
able to he. Professional profiles long been predicted and they will be
able to make any offers based on that information. And before that
you\'ve been below that we have users who have at least I am told that
they\'re you your prediction had Dyche boost their courage to ask for
more money.

[00：02：24]最令人惊讶的是，你发现薪酬极低的人能为他们找到更好的工作，比如为雇主来和他们能够胜任的平台的其他部分创造更好的工作。职业简介早就被预测了，他们将能够根据这些信息提供任何报价。在此之前，你一直低于我们的用户，至少我被告知，他们是你的预测，如果Dyche增强他们的勇气，要求更多的钱。

\[00:02:59\] It\'s really hard to try to do multiple things at once as a
startup and if you\'re trying to sort of make this great for for workers
and for employees at the same time that\'s that\'s usually more than one
startup can handle. I would just focus entirely on making something that
that please really love and that really helps them sort of get their
market value. And and you should track like how many employees come to
your site find that they\'re underpaid and are able to use that to make
sure they\'re getting a fair offer and market comp and that\'s like you
really can only you have to just focus on one one one tiny little thing
and then you can expand from there. But until you know until you have
users that are telling you like this is the best thing ever. You know I
got a 20 percent raise and I told all my friends sign up for the
service. You definitely shouldn\'t expand to other areas. And I would
try to really find out I\'d like to try and really find a metric that
lets you focus on how many people are not just using you for idle
curiosity where they use one time forget about it five minutes later not
tell their friends not come back. But how many people you can actually
sort of like make this big difference. And if you can do that then
you\'ll have all these other high class problems later. Like how you get
employers into the market and how you make this efficient market.

[00：02：59]作为一家初创公司，尝试一次做多件事情是非常困难的，如果你想让这件事对员工和员工都有好处的话，那么通常一家初创公司就不止一家能做到这一点。我只想把注意力完全集中在制作一些让人非常喜欢的东西上，这样才能真正帮助他们获得市场价值。你应该跟踪有多少员工来到你的网站，发现他们工资过低，并且能够用这个来确保他们得到公平的待遇和市场竞争，这就好像你真的可以，你只需要专注于一件小小的事情，然后你就可以从那里扩张了。但直到你知道，直到你有用户告诉你，这是最好的事情。你知道，我得到了20%的加薪，我告诉我所有的朋友都报名参加这项服务。你绝对不应该扩大到其他领域。我会努力找出真正的答案但你到底能有多少人能让这件事发生很大的变化。如果你能做到这一点，那么以后你就会遇到其他所有的高级问题。比如你如何让雇主进入市场，以及如何使这个有效的市场。

\[00:04:18\] But

[00：04：18]但是

\[00:04:19\] one of the things that we always tell startups during white
see is that it\'s way more important to build something a small number
of users really love than something that a lot of users find a little
bit interesting or you\'d like to do is make something that a lot of
people really love. But a startup can never do that. Like Google gets to
do that. And so you end up having to choose one of those two and a
narrow focus on something that users become really dependent on you want
to get to the place where where your users are telling you like I would
be so bummed if this product went away. I\'m so dependent on this I\'m
going to use this for every future negotiating negotiation. Do you have
like a retention metric. Do you know how much users come back.

[00：04：19]我们在“看到白眼”的时候总是对初创公司说，建立一小部分用户真正喜欢的东西比很多用户觉得有点有趣或者你想做的事情更重要，那就是做一些很多人都很喜欢的事情。但创业公司永远不会这么做。就像谷歌可以这么做。所以你不得不选择这两种产品中的一种，狭隘地专注于用户真正依赖的东西-你想要到达你的用户告诉你的地方，就像如果这个产品消失了我会很沮丧一样。我如此依赖于此，我将在今后的每一次谈判中使用这个。你有保留标准吗。你知道有多少用户回来。

\[00:04:57\] We have 30 percent return rate. How much. 70 percent 30
yeah over what time period will be just like two months ago. So for
every everyone who\'s tried the service there this thing can come back
at least once. And what are they. What are they doing that second time.
You know they\'ve already checked. So there are two sets of people.

[00：04：57]我们有30%的回报率。多少钱70%，30%，是关于两个月前的时间。所以每个尝试过这个服务的人至少可以回来一次。他们是什么。他们第二次在做什么。你知道他们已经检查过了。所以有两组人。

\[00:05:18\] They are checking their results. They do want to see if
they have new name predictions. And the second group is just coming back
to make more predictions because we have scores. If you have there are
politicians who get more cars and we have users that have made hundreds
of predictions.

[00：05：18]他们正在检查他们的结果。他们确实想知道他们是否有新的名字预测。而第二组只是回来做更多的预测，因为我们有分数。如果你有，有政治家谁得到更多的汽车，我们有用户，作出了数以百计的预测。

\[00:05:37\] How do you know that it\'s working like hiding other
predictions are accurate.

[00：05：37]你怎么知道它就像隐藏其他预言一样准确。

\[00:05:40\] We ask users if they find their prediction fair and 40
percent say it\'s fair. About 30 percent says. It\'s low and 30 percent
say it\'s high.

我们询问用户是否认为他们的预测公平，40%的人说这是公平的。大约30%的人说，这是低的，30%的人说这是高的。

\[00:05:56\] Or maybe 35 lo 35 25. You. What.

[00：05：56]或者大概35：35 25。你，你们什么

\[00:06:07\] How will you know when you have found like something that
users have become really dependent on what are you looking for in terms
of behavior you\'d like to Zain when we first started everybody in our
platform are able to predict each of their salaries anywhere in the.

[00：06：07]当你发现一些用户真正依赖于你想要的行为的东西时，你怎么知道当我们第一次开始工作的时候，我们平台上的每个人都能预测他们的薪水。

\[00:06:21\] And then we got enough users are able to divide into
countries and you know the users so that we were able to divide into
cities. And then in the streets right now for instance my predictors
will be technology folks in New York City. You want to go from here even
farther down that you want to be able to divide people into companies
divide people into a usual experience for instance say that you have got
a job offer from Microsoft and you want to build it and offer it then
you will be able to crowdsource your prediction from folks who have
worked at Microsoft as the same title as you.

[00：06：21]然后我们得到了足够多的用户能够划分成国家，你们知道用户，这样我们就能够划分成城市。例如，在街上，我的预测者将是纽约市的技术人员。你想从这里走得更远，你想要把人分成几个公司，把人划分成一种通常的经验，例如，你从微软得到了一份工作机会，你想建立它并提供它，那么你就可以从那些在微软工作过的人那里收集你的预测，就像你一样的头衔。

\[00:06:57\] That\'s right why you want to go slow and there is no way
to validate if you are on their page right. You need to find a job that
pays you that a month. Yeah. Well there is no other way. Even if these
statistics if you look at labor labor data you can say that you are not
underpaid because you are paid paid the same because the market has
moved and the landscape changed on the way to day these predictions that
we give back is to find them a job at that price point.

[00：06：57]这是你想慢慢来的原因，如果你在他们的页面上，就无法验证你是否正确。你需要找到一份能给你一个月的薪水的工作。嗯没有别的办法了。即使这些统计数据，如果你看一看劳动力数据，你可以说你的工资并不低，因为你得到了同样的报酬，因为市场已经发生了变化，我们给出的预测是在那个价格点找到一份工作。

\[00:07:27\] How are you getting users now.

[00：07：27]你现在是怎么得到用户的？

\[00:07:28\] How many users are going to use it for that and shredded
Product Hunt and we are pitching to be partners using helping partners
and blogs picked it up so that the finger remembers that that is great.

\[00：07：28]有多少用户会使用它，并将产品搜索分解，我们将通过帮助合作伙伴和博客来成为合作伙伴，这样手指就能记住这一点了。

\[00:07:44\] Those are great ways to get initial users but that that
does not scale forever and it is worth thinking you know there are a lot
of different sites where people can come to get salary information and
you guys need to be like 10 times better than any of these other sites
and it\'s worth thinking about what you\'re going to do to make yourself
so much better that people will tell their friends your salary fairy not
any of his other salary sites and b if there\'s some way you can build
growth into the product. Because this is not there\'s not any like
inherent Viral Peace in this but you could probably build something
really cool where you know you send out like an e-mail saying guess my
salary to a bunch of your friends and then they sign up and building
those. Like a lot of people think about I\'m gonna build this product
and I\'m making my users on Hacker News and then it\'s just going to
grow. And that\'s not. Usually what happens if you build a sufficiently
great product. Sometimes that happens but you don\'t want to have growth
be an afterthought and if you can build growth into the product in this
early stage that can be really helpful.

[00：07：44]这些都是获得初始用户的好方法，但这种方式不会永远扩展，值得思考的是，你知道有很多不同的网站可以让人们获得薪水信息，而你们需要比其他任何网站更好的10倍，这是值得思考的，你们要做些什么才能让自己变得更好。人们会告诉他们的朋友你的工资仙女，而不是他的任何其他工资网站和b，如果有什么办法，你可以建立增长的产品。因为这并不是一种与生俱来的病毒式的平静，但是你可能会建立一些很酷的东西，在那里你会像一封电子邮件一样发出去，告诉你的一群朋友我的薪水，然后他们注册并建立它们。就像很多人想的那样，我要生产这个产品，我让我的用户上黑客新闻，然后它就会增长。但事实并非如此。通常情况下，如果您构建了一个足够优秀的产品，会发生什么。有时会发生这种情况，但你不想让增长成为事后考虑，如果你能在这个早期阶段将增长融入到产品中，那将是非常有帮助的。

\[00:08:45\] And I would definitely think really of how to do that. What
else or better on this one.

[00：08：45]我肯定会想出怎么做的。还有什么更好的吗？

\[00:08:52\] Okay well I\'m a believer in crowd market coproduction so
something. Thank you. Thank you.

[00：08：52]好吧，我是大众市场合作制作的信徒。谢谢，谢谢。

\[00:09:12\] All right. Hey Sam that\'s me Jason. Thank you. Great to
see you guys sort of the two of you working out.

[00：09：12]好的。嘿，山姆，那是我，杰森。谢谢。很高兴看到你们两个一起锻炼身体。

\[00:09:24\] So we\'re working on Parap Pappas safely the hotel tonight
for Putin mentoring what is this rudimentary ecstasy in the trains.
Often you know some stores are pulled from shelves to three days in
advance to sell buy stuff that stores can\'t sell here at the end of the
day or that they\'re throwing away turning over every four to six hours.
They have a like French daily policy or like a fresh every quarter.
It\'s our policy. It\'s food that doesn\'t necessarily have a place to
go. So if you\'re thinking about Oh well you know what I thought growing
up you know things if you can\'t you take care of this access and I\'ll
go somewhere. We found in our research that that\'s actually not the
case. We talked to Feeding America. We talked to City Harvest because of
their own budgetary limitations they\'re not as nimble in terms of
pickup and so see hires for example has a 50 pound minimum when it comes
to pick up and a lot of small to medium sized businesses in New York
City just aren\'t going to have that on a daily basis. And so what
they\'ve got now is basically like you can throw it away and even like
pay action Holling to pick it up or is that most what happens it just
gets thrown away.

[00：09：24]今晚我们正在帕普帕帕斯酒店工作，为普京提供指导，这是火车上最基本的摇头丸。你通常知道，有些商店会提前三天从货架上撤下来，出售商店在一天结束时不能在这里销售的东西，或者他们扔掉的东西，每隔四到六个小时就会翻过一次。他们每季度都有类似的法国日报政策或新鲜食品。这是我们的政策。食物不一定有地方可去。所以，如果你在想，哦，你知道我的想法，在成长过程中，你知道一些事情，如果你不能，你处理好这个通道，我会去别的地方。我们在研究中发现，事实并非如此。我们跟喂美国谈过了。我们和嘉实市谈过，因为他们自己的预算限制，他们在收货方面不够灵活，因此，例如，招聘人员在接货时有50英镑的最低限额，而纽约市的许多中小型企业只是不可能每天都有这样的情况发生。所以他们现在所得到的基本上就像你可以扔掉它，甚至像薪酬行动霍林去捡起它，或者是大多数发生的事情都被扔掉了。

\[00:10:28\] Yeah yeah. And so we found that to be highly efficient very
wasteful and so what we\'re actually building is a marketplace that
allows vendors to sell through that access commentary at a discount to
users who are willing to buy that excess inventory. So what do you do
now. What do you use hotel tonight as the metaphor.

[00：10：28]是的。所以我们发现，为了高效，非常浪费，我们实际上正在建设一个市场，允许供应商通过访问评论向愿意购买过剩库存的用户打折销售。那么，你现在做什么呢？今晚你用什么来比喻酒店呢？

\[00:10:46\] What\'s a hotel tonight is basically kind of what we\'re
doing only in the kind of travel and hospitality industry right because
they sell excess hotel rooms hotel rooms that the hotels themselves
can\'t sell through kind of whatever services they use. Who is eyeing.
Out. Who\'s buying. At this point. So so people like the target
demographic of kind of what we\'re looking at or like people like us
more like college students those types of folks who are interested in
kind of early tech adoption but still don\'t have.

[00：10：46]今晚的酒店基本上是我们只在旅游和酒店业所做的事情，因为他们出售过多的酒店客房，而酒店本身却无法通过任何服务出售这些客房。他在盯着我。出去。是谁买的。在这一点上。所以人们喜欢我们所看到的目标人群，或者像我们这样的人更像大学生，那些对早期科技应用感兴趣但仍然没有的人。

\[00:11:19\] Or want to have kind of food at a discount and what\'s kind
of typical they would buy an individual meal for you know for them and
their roommate or or like a parasite or a sandwich or like a half dozen
donuts or you know eventually being like the box to Trader Joe\'s or
something of the prepared foods counter animal foods you have this
running yet.

[00：11：19]或者想以折扣的价格买一种食物，通常他们会给你买一顿单独的食物，比如给他们和他们的室友，或者像寄生虫，三明治，或者半打的甜甜圈，或者你知道，最终你会像商人的盒子一样，乔的或者其他的准备好的食品柜台，动物食品，你已经有了这样的运行。

\[00:11:41\] So we launched a kind of e-mail proof of concept about two
months ago. Basically we just wanted to test hypotheses if people would
actually go into the store if they got that information. And so we had a
subscriber base of maybe like 350 people. We ran it with six or seven
benders and it turned out that they did. So we had open rates of about
40 percent of our email people actually went into the store per listing
was maybe like four or five people per listing so that\'s actually
pretty decent given that the quantities were fairly low anyway. And Joe
did you get everything that was listed sold. So it wasn\'t entirely
wasn\'t a hundred percent but some stores were better than other stores
based on the items that they were selling.

[00：11：41]大约两个月前，我们推出了一种概念的电子邮件证明。基本上，我们只是想检验假设，如果人们得到这些信息，他们是否真的会走进商店。所以我们有一个大概350人的用户群。我们用了六七个弯杆，结果发现他们做到了。因此，我们有大约40%的电子邮件开放率-实际上，每个列表上的人进入商店的次数大概是4到5人-因此，考虑到数量很低，这实际上是相当不错的。乔，你拿到所有上市的东西了吗？所以，这并不完全是百分之百，但一些商店比其他商店更好，因为他们出售的商品。

\[00:12:22\] So their location or I mean exactly what were the things
that sold well and what didn\'t.

[00：12：22]所以他们的位置，或者我的意思是，什么东西卖得好，什么东西卖不好。

\[00:12:27\] Yeah. So the things are sold well were like Sahim which is
in callsigns and those types of things the things that didn\'t sell well
was kind of like. There was this one bakery that had kind of an
evergreen bread deal. So they knew people knew that this was kind of
running every single day. So they weren\'t kind of incentivized to go in
today versus tomorrow versus the next because they knew that was
available.

[00：12：27]是的。所以这些东西卖得很好，就像萨希姆，在呼号里，那些类型的东西，那些卖得不好的东西，有点像。有一家面包店做了一份常绿面包生意。所以他们知道人们知道这是每天都在运行的。所以他们并没有被激励去参加今天和明天的比赛，因为他们知道这是可行的。

\[00:12:49\] And it was also a more like residential neighborhood.
People don\'t really work around there. They\'re like all outworks
across.

[00：12：49]这也是一个更像住宅区。人们并不是真的在那里工作，他们就像在外面工作一样。

\[00:12:55\] So location matter a lot right. On day. My sense is that
this will be one it is that list still going by the way we still do not
know so we found the list to be fairly restrictive and there are a lot
of issues with their basic set successful and looked kind of like what
we wanted to test but it wasn\'t successful in the sense that users only
wanted one e-mail a day but venders are all very different. Right. So
they all had different closing hours and they all have different
abilities to estimate there have been. So when will you have the mobile
app. So yes. So actually I just finished wire framing them this morning
and we\'re hoping to have it developed in the next two or three weeks
which yeah kind of you know and kind of what the move is is we are
building this web app now to kind of test our hypotheses around lives
listings and kind of location based searches and through searches and
then the mobile app will hopefully be able to kind of take that even
further.

[00：12：55]所以位置很重要。在白天。我的感觉是，这将是一个，它仍然是按照我们仍然不知道的方式，所以我们发现这个列表是相当严格的，并且他们的基本设置有很多问题-成功并且看起来有点像我们想要测试的东西-但是它不是成功的，因为用户每天只需要一封电子邮件，但是供应商都是非常不同的。右（边），正确的因此，他们都有不同的关闭时间，他们都有不同的能力来估计有。那么你什么时候会有移动应用程序呢？所以是的。所以实际上我今天早上刚刚完成了线框，我们希望能在接下来的两三个星期内开发出来，是的，你知道，我们现在正在构建这个网络应用程序，来测试我们关于生命列表和基于位置的搜索的假设，然后移动应用程序就有希望了。可以更进一步。

\[00:13:50\] With alerts and being able to kind of do location based
searches kind of like when you\'re out and about in city and so it might
might to two thoughts would be I\'d try to get the mobile app as quickly
as possible that when people try to test these things on the Web if
it\'s really the sort of thing people want to use on mobile it never
works as well. And you often end up with bad data. And the other thing
would be like. Hyper focused when you start it like not even a whole
specific city but very specific areas and like the specific verticals
like Chris Johnson sandwiches that you learned work the product matters
a lot.

[00：13：50]有警报和能够进行基于位置的搜索，就像你外出和在城市里一样，所以我可能会有两种想法：我会尽可能快地获得移动应用程序，如果人们试图在网络上测试这些东西，如果它真的是人们想在手机上使用的东西，它永远也不会起作用。结果往往是糟糕的数据。另一件事就是。当你开始的时候非常专注，就像一个甚至不是一个特定的城市，但是非常具体的地区，像克里斯约翰逊三明治这样的特定的垂直，你学到的工作，产品非常重要。

\[00:14:25\] Yeah this product matters and density definitely matters as
well.

[00：14：25]是的，这个产品很重要，密度也很重要。

\[00:14:29\] Yeah and also the types of vendors that we\'re working with
we want to make sure at the place that people want to go on a regular
basis to that if there is a discount like even more incentivized in.

[00：14：29]是的，还有我们与之合作的供应商类型，我们想要确保在人们想要定期去的地方，如果有折扣，比如更多的激励措施。

\[00:14:38\] Yeah but like making sure that everyone that uses it has a
good experience so that they find something that they like and that
there\'s something nearby. And no matter how much you have to limit it
to make sure that this first like thousand users really really love it
it\'s almost always worth doing.

[00：14：38]是的，但是要确保每一个使用它的人都有一个好的体验，这样他们就能找到他们喜欢的东西，周围也会有一些东西。不管你有多大的限制来确保这个第一次-像上千个用户-真的很喜欢它，但是它几乎总是值得去做的。

\[00:14:52\] How are you going to get all of the sort of people that
have this access food to sign up. Are you just going around and like
banging on the door.

[00：14：52]你怎样才能让所有这种食物的人注册。你只是四处走动就像敲门一样。

\[00:14:59\] Yes. Currently it\'s literally the two of us walking around
and talking to every coffee shop we can find every sandwich shop. We
have some advisers who we\'ve been working with who are food waste
consultants who they work with restaurant chains New York City and
they\'ve actually started to recommend us as a potential option. People
have also emailed us saying like hey I worked really closely with like
Safeway or Kroger or whatever if and when you\'re ready you know I\'d
love to introduce you. But mostly right now it\'s really just that\'s
like having really high touch. Question Is it.

[00：14：59]是。目前，我们两人走来走去，和每一家咖啡店交谈，我们可以找到每一家三明治店。我们有一些顾问，我们一直和他们一起工作，他们是食物浪费顾问，他们在纽约市的连锁餐厅工作，他们实际上已经开始推荐我们作为一个潜在的选择。人们也给我们发邮件说，“嘿，我和像Safeway或Kroger这样的人非常密切地合作，或者什么的，如果你准备好了，你知道我很想介绍你。”但现在大多数情况下，这就像有很高的触觉一样。问题是。

\[00:15:28\] What is the plan to get those first thousand users and
users to buy. Yeah. So for on the user side we got a little bit of press
and just kind of through word of mouth. We were able to grow from about
350 to about 2500 now. Yeah. It\'s just people who are kind of like
interested in what we\'re doing. And then in terms of moving forward
what we\'re thinking about is is basically thinking about the target
populations that we want and a lot of those are on college campuses so
working with the college caterer\'s folks that have those kind of
connections and then working with students to be student representatives
on campus and things like that to kind of get the word out and we think
that because there is that density of population on college campuses it
makes a lot more sense. When you describe the product to just someone
who finds out about the app. How do you think about. Describing it.

[00：15：28]让第一批用户和用户购买的计划是什么？嗯因此，在用户方面，我们得到了一些新闻，只是通过口碑。我们能够从大约350人增长到现在的2500人左右。嗯只是那些对我们所做的事情感兴趣的人。然后，就前进而言，我们所考虑的基本上是我们想要的目标人群，其中很多人都在大学校园里，所以和那些有这种联系的大学宴会的人一起工作，然后和学生们一起在校园里做学生代表之类的事情，我们认为是这样的。因为大学校园里的人口密度更有意义。当你把产品描述给那些发现这个应用程序的人时。你觉得。描述它。

\[00:16:18\] Around waste. Is it around really great food near you the
low cost store. You know what\'s what has worked and how do you think
about it.

[00：16：18]在废物周围。你附近的食物真的很好吗？低成本的商店。你知道什么是有效的，你是如何看待它的。

\[00:16:26\] Yeah I think it\'s primarily like really great food at low
cost and then secondary to that. It\'s like what is your social impact
like your environmental impact rate for every dollar of food that\'s
wasted. There\'s like five and a half dollars of inputs behind that that
are also than wasted in terms of like land use water use sleepetc. So
we\'re also hoping to be able to play that back to both vendors and
users in the future. So with vendors it\'s how much have you save when
it comes to trash hauling. How much have you made on stuff that you
otherwise would have had a loss on.

[00：16：26]是的，我认为它主要是像非常好的食物，低成本，然后再其次。这就像你对社会的影响，就像浪费掉的每一美元食物对环境的影响一样。有大约五美元的投入背后，这些投入也比浪费在类似土地利用，水的使用。因此，我们也希望将来能够向供应商和用户回放这些信息。因此，对于供应商来说，当涉及到垃圾运输时，你节省了多少钱。你赚了多少钱的东西，否则你会有损失。

\[00:16:53\] What\'s the normal discount rate that stuff sells for. So.
Our average right now is 50 percent.

[00：16：53]一般的折扣率是多少？那么，我们现在的平均折现率是50%。

\[00:17:00\] Our range that we\'re allowing vendors to discount is
around 25 to 75 rate it\'s like lower than 25 customers and I don\'t
really have incentive to walk in and then hire the 35 it\'s just like
total lottery business.

[00：17：00]我们允许销售商打折的范围大约在25到75之间，大约低于25位顾客，而我并没有真正的动力走进来，然后再雇佣35家，这就像整个彩票业务一样。

\[00:17:11\] So

[00：17：11]

\[00:17:12\] that\'s kind of what we\'re playing with now and the
highest that someone is actually listed for with 60 percent and the
lowest was 30 percent. Yeah.

[00：17：12]这是我们现在正在玩的东西，也是被列入名单的人中最高的，60%，最低的是30%。是的。

\[00:17:19\] That feels about right like there. Unfortunate we\'re out
of time but this sounds bad and I would like to try it. Thank you. You
guys. Have to some you guys come a fence.

[00：17：19]那种感觉就像在那里一样。不幸的是，我们没有时间了，但这听起来很糟糕，我想试试。谢谢。伙计们。你们得来个围栏。

\[00:17:48\] All right. What are you guys doing here. So we\'re building
an app that makes it way less painful for couples to share expenses. We
think with your credit card transactions you can go through refeed and
just easily split expenses that way.

[00：17：48]好的。你们在这里做什么。因此，我们正在开发一款应用程序，可以减少夫妻分摊费用的痛苦。我们认为，通过信用卡交易，你可以通过重新输入，这样就可以很容易地分摊费用。

\[00:18:02\] How do you know people need something new for this idea of
an existing services.

[00：18：02]你怎么知道人们需要一些新的东西来实现现有的服务。

\[00:18:06\] So it\'s actually a problem that I\'m personally very
familiar with laughter I\'ve just finished with my fiancee for eight
years now and over the years I\'ve tried lots of different things.
Initially you know we try to keep a mental tab for you and your Panax
that sort of put you broke down because as soon as they go out of sync
this creates awkward moments and is prone to conflict. We all know we
tried spreadsheets where they were paid to manage you know we tried
Venmo. Was sort of the fun of the moment and you know changing 50 bucks
back and forth free time same day just seems silly.

[00：18：06]事实上，这是我个人非常熟悉笑的一个问题，我和未婚妻刚刚结束了八年，多年来我尝试了很多不同的事情。一开始，你知道，我们试着为你和你的Panax保留一个心理标签，这让你崩溃了，因为一旦它们失去同步，就会产生尴尬的时刻，并且容易发生冲突。我们都知道，我们尝试了电子表格，在那里他们是为了管理，你知道，我们尝试了文莫。这是一种有趣的时刻，你知道，在同一天来回变换50美元的空闲时间似乎很愚蠢。

\[00:18:39\] But what about something like split wise. Like what.
What\'s the specific difference or the need here for work.

[00：18：39]但是分裂智慧之类的东西呢？比如什么。这里有什么特别的区别或工作的需要。

\[00:18:43\] Right exactly. So it\'s just spillways basically you can
you can enter IOUs right on the flight. Basically enter what it\'s for
what the amount is and with whom. The nice thing about linking with your
card or debit credit card transactions. Basically it\'s all there. All
you have to do is tap it. So that means a big difference for us.

[00：18：43]对极了。所以它只是溢出，基本上你可以在航班上输入欠条。基本上输入它是多少，和谁。连接到你的信用卡或借记卡交易的好处就在这里。你所要做的就是点击它。所以这对我们来说意味着很大的不同。

\[00:19:00\] That\'s. Can you explain how it works. And it just sort of
the whole sort of user experience.

[00：19：00]你能解释一下它是如何工作的吗？它只是一种用户体验。

\[00:19:05\] Yeah sure. So basically you sync your credit up from your
actions the same way you sync with Entercom all your child coming into a
feed and then. Whichever ones are shared just happened. And that\'s it.
And then it says at the end of the month whatever settle up and break it
you get it gets added to a tab where you can easily see sort of who owes
what you can sell to the app. But interesting thing that we learned from
users that even just knowing what the tab is having always be in sync
already quite a lot about.

[00：19：05]是的。因此，基本上，您同步您的信用从您的行动，就像您与Entercom同步，所有您的孩子进入一个提要，然后。不管哪个是共享的，都是刚刚发生的。就这样了。然后它说，在月底，不管是什么，你都会把它添加到一个标签上，你可以很容易地看到谁欠你的东西，你可以卖给这个应用程序。但有趣的是，我们从用户那里学到了一件有趣的事情，那就是，即使只知道标签的内容总是同步的，已经有相当多的内容了。

\[00:19:33\] Yeah that\'s cool. And certainly couples would be willing
to sort of share just the full transaction stream in a way that you
might not with a group on Spotify or something. Is this why was it up
early.

[00：19：33]是的，这很酷。当然，情侣们也愿意分享整个交易流程，而不是和Spotify上的某个团体分享。这就是为什么这么早就起床了吗？

\[00:19:43\] Yeah we\'re currently one thing but what you just said is
you don\'t you don\'t get my personal transactions in your field you
just get the transactions for you. You wouldn\'t sign it. My personal.
You know what I mean. Right. So just whatever you click charging.
Exactly. So we\'re currently in private bedroom but we\'re going to
submit at the outset in the next two weeks. We started working out in
January. One thing that we sort of made a mistake early on was that we
wanted to accommodate oh like is this could work for roommates. This
could work for groups that are travelling. And what really happened was
we had all these different ways of using the app and we didn\'t have any
one way that was very very good. So you made a comment to the salutary
team about focusing on something very small that a lot of users would
actually like. So about a month ago we made a decision to sort of. Just
simplify the product and focus just on couples and so we feel you know
to push out to a lot of people.

[00：19：43]是的，我们目前是一回事，但你刚才说的是，你没有得到我在你的领域的个人事务，你只是得到交易给你。你不会签的。我的私人恩怨。你知道我的意思右（边），正确的所以不管你怎么点击充电。一点儿没错因此，我们目前在私人卧室，但我们将在未来两周开始提交。我们从一月份开始锻炼。我们很早就犯了一个错误，那就是我们想要适应-哦，就像这样-这对室友来说是可行的。这对于正在旅行的团体来说是可行的。而真正发生的是，我们有所有这些不同的方式使用这个应用程序，我们没有任何一种方式是非常好的。因此，你向有益的团队发表了一个关于关注一些非常小的东西的评论，这是很多用户实际上会喜欢的。大约一个月前我们决定。只需简化产品，只关注情侣，我们就会觉得你知道要向很多人推介。

\[00:20:35\] It\'s good to focus the downside of focusing on couples is
right. Just curious what you\'re planning to do is that you there\'s no
inherent morality in there either. You know like it\'s you use it with
your partner and that\'s that. And like it\'s not like something where
you\'re sharing it with friends or roommates and brainteaser is that
that\'s actually something that we\'ve been going back and forth on.

[00：20：35]把注意力集中在夫妻身上的缺点是对的，这是件好事。只是好奇你计划要做的是，你在那里也没有内在的道德。你知道，你喜欢和你的伴侣一起使用它，就这样。喜欢它不像你和朋友、室友和布拉泽分享的那种东西，那就是我们一直在反复重复的事情。

\[00:20:57\] During those months. You know our initial stage is
basically you know try to accommodate every use case. So to see what a
beta testers do judging that data and then like focus I think they\'re
just Berzina which is too small.

[00：20：57]在这几个月里。你知道，我们的初始阶段基本上是你知道的，试着适应每一个用例。所以，要看测试版测试人员是做什么的，判断这些数据，然后像焦点一样，我认为它们只是Berzina，太小了。

\[00:21:09\] And you know we\'ve built a part like focus. But to answer
your question.

[00：21：09]你知道我们已经建立了一个类似焦点的部分，但是要回答你的问题。

\[00:21:14\] So couple the app we were interested to learn from them
because they seemed to grow pretty.

[00：21：14]所以，让我们有兴趣向他们学习的应用程序，因为他们似乎长得很漂亮。

\[00:21:21\] So they were wise the are they are quite right and they
have certainly I mean they have managed to grow but they\'ve had to do
it in spite of this huge drag which is the sort of lack of it\'s not any
here any of our nature. Did you have couples using it during your beta
period. Yes. With those like the best users is that why you decided to
focus on this. Yes based basically most of them.

[00：21]所以他们很聪明，他们是对的，我的意思是，他们已经成功地成长了，但是他们不得不这样做，尽管有着巨大的阻力，这是我们的本性所没有的。你有夫妇在你的测试期使用它吗。是对于那些最好的用户来说，这就是你决定关注这个问题的原因。是的，基本上大部分都是这样。

\[00:21:44\] That used it tend to be couples. You know. That was an
interesting thing to me because initially I always thought that maybe I
was a little.

[00：21：44]使用它的人往往是夫妻。你知道这对我来说是一件有趣的事情，因为一开始我一直以为我有点小。

\[00:21:52\] Unique maybe or crazy in the way that I dealt with my
fantasies fantasies with my my fiancee now and so we did early artlessly
we went out and talked to lots of people. And so while expense sharing
may not be something that you flaunt in from your friends. Usually when
you ask them a lot of people go through. A very stiff and very painful
Maniel ways to deal with it.

[00：21：52]独特的，也许是疯狂的，就像我现在和我的未婚妻处理我的幻想一样，所以我们早早就做得很好，我们出去和很多人交谈。因此，虽然费用分摊可能不是你从朋友那里炫耀的东西。通常当你问他们很多人都会经历。一种非常僵硬和痛苦的处理方法。

\[00:22:13\] Yep. No I like the hyperfocus. It\'s definitely good and if
you can if you can figure out a way that this is way better for couples
then another solution. And you know I believe you are. We\'ll figure out
some way to grow this dumb one. I think it\'s just it\'s really
important to keep yourselves disciplined too. Why. Why do people need
this product. And what are they going to do with this that they haven\'t
with others. It\'s sort of like the you know split bills with friends or
roommates or whatever is one of these sort of canonical startup ideas. I
would bet my Seagate\'s 100 applications a year for some version of
splitting bills and splitting expenses.

[00：22：13]是的。不我喜欢超焦距。这绝对是好的，如果你能想出一种更适合夫妻的方法，那么另一种解决办法。你知道我相信你是的。我们会想办法让这个蠢蛋长大的。我认为保持自我约束也是非常重要的。为什么为什么人们需要这种产品。如果他们没有和其他人在一起的话，他们会怎么做呢？这有点像你所知道的与朋友或室友分开的账单，或诸如此类的典型的创业想法之一。我敢打赌，我的希捷(Seagate)每年会有100份申请，以申请某种版本的分摊账单和分摊费用。

\[00:22:55\] We funded a bunch and we found that a bunch and I think
it\'s it\'s really important to just be very disciplined about what you
know like what is what what\'s new about this and why. Why is this going
to work when so many of us feel. I love the idea of making things as
simple as possible. And I think I\'m actually I don\'t use a lot of
these products but I have not heard myself before this idea of pulling
your transaction stream.

[00：22：55]我们资助了一群人，我们发现这一群人-我认为-非常重要的是，对你所知道的东西-什么是新的-和为什么-保持严格的纪律。为什么这么多人觉得。我喜欢让事情尽可能简单的想法。我认为我实际上我不使用很多这些产品，但我从来没有听说过自己之前，这个想法，拉动你的交易流程。

\[00:23:23\] And I think that\'s that sounds really cool.

[00：23：23]我觉得这听起来很酷。

\[00:23:29\] It might be that you\'ve built this great initial tool to
be able to split bills and then you end up kind of adapting it and you
know back in. Know this is kind of like your initial stab your initial
beachhead into this and then you figure out well in order to support the
roommate scenario than this it\'s so hard you know at the end date for
all of these scenarios though you still have this inherent. Kind of.

[00：23：29]也许你已经建立了这个很好的初始工具，可以分摊账单，然后你就会对它进行调整，然后你就知道了。你要知道，这就像你一开始就把你最初的滩头刺进去，然后你想好了，为了支持室友的场景，这是非常困难的，你知道，在所有这些场景的结束日期，尽管你仍然有这种内在的想法。有点

\[00:23:55\] Viral distribution problem or you know how do you acquire
users. This isn\'t one of those things where you can necessarily charge
a lot upfront so you can\'t pay for it. And so you do need some sort of
free way whether it\'s PR or some invite flow or you know it\'s just you
know almost too difficult to talk just about this in eight minutes.
It\'s a much longer topic.

[00：23：55]病毒的分发问题，或者你知道如何获得用户。这不是一件你必须提前收取很多钱的事情，所以你不能为此付费。所以你确实需要一些自由的方式-不管是公关还是邀请流-或者你知道，只是你知道在8分钟内谈论这件事几乎太难了。这是一个更长的话题。

\[00:24:18\] But just get users like that.

[00：24：18]但是请这样的用户。

\[00:24:19\] The mistake you know you could sort of like there\'s so
many different things you could do here and until you get like the first
few hundred or a thousand users really above this you end up shooting in
the dark. And when you get people that are really using this like for
their daily lives all the time and then like if you in my CV we would
tell you like golf and get your first few hundred users and then we can
actually give you real advice. But in the meantime it\'s going to be a
lot of guesswork and this very promising idea. And it\'s really hard to
decide what to do about that but I\'m sure you learned a lot in the beta
and I\'m just from your friends like if you can\'t get enough users just
from your friends your friends are generally pretty obligated to use
your products like. So you can\'t do that in the first just like a few
weeks right. Then you know you have a problem. But my my my expectation
is you\'ll definitely be able to and then don\'t feel bad about like.
Calling them every week and saying how\'s it going what are you using.
What you know what can we do differently. That is the way that these
things working. So would you say you know.

[00：24：19]你知道你可能会犯的错误-你可以在这里做很多不同的事情-直到你像最初的几百到1000个用户那样，你才能在黑暗中拍摄。当你让那些经常在日常生活中使用这个的人，就像你在我的简历里一样，我们会告诉你喜欢高尔夫，得到你最初的几百个用户，然后我们可以给你真正的建议。但在此期间，这将是许多猜测和这个非常有希望的想法。很难决定该怎么做，但我确信你在测试版中学到了很多，而我只是从你的朋友那里学到了很多，比如如果你不能从朋友那里得到足够的用户，从你的朋友那里得到的用户一般都是非常有义务使用你的产品的。所以你不能在第一周就这么做，对吧。那你就知道你有麻烦了。但我的期望是，你一定能做到，然后就不会觉得有什么不好了。每周给他们打电话，问他们你在用什么。你知道我们能做什么不一样。这就是这些东西起作用的方式。所以你会说你知道。

\[00:25:23\] Right now should we should we get on the app stores that we
can distribute more easily or should we how many users right now again
we have about like 40 beta test and then do they use it daily or weekly
like what percentage you\'re using it just incorporate it into their
lives.

[00：25：23]现在，我们应该进入我们可以更容易发布的应用程序商店，或者我们现在应该有多少用户，我们有大约40测试，然后他们是否每天或每周使用它，就像你使用它的百分比，只是将它融入他们的生活。

\[00:25:37\] Of those 40 I\'d say probably about like 25 hours a day.
That\'s a pretty high rate actually actually every regular like every
few days that\'s great. It is. That\'s what it\'s right on. Activity
rates are one of the most promising things for early stage startups.
It\'s not clear to me that the app store is the most important thing to
do right now because like you know you can get a small number of users
without it but it would. It does log around the margins make the whole
process a little smoother. So I would probably do it because it
shouldn\'t be that much harder but don\'t expect that to give you a lot
of traction. Okay we\'re unfortunately out of time. Sadhus shonk-simmons
thanks so much.


[00：25：37]在这40人中，我会说大概一天大约25小时。这是一个相当高的比率，实际上，每隔几天就有一次，这很好。它是这就对了。对于早期创业公司来说，活动率是最有希望的事情之一。我不清楚现在应用程序商店是最重要的事情，因为就像你知道的那样，没有它你可以得到少量的用户。它确实在边距附近记录，使整个过程更加流畅。所以我可能会这么做，因为应该不会太困难，但不要指望这会给你带来很大的吸引力。好吧，我们很不幸没时间了。施德胡斯-西蒙斯非常感谢。

