**Shana Fisher at Startup School NY 2014-Vp48ko2VJgE.mp4**

*2014年纽约创业学校的Shana Fisher-Vp48ko2VJgE.mp4*

\[00:00:01\] So I\'m Kavan Yallock and I am a partner at Y Combinator
and I\'m excited to see you all here today and I\'m also excited to
introduce you to Shanna Fisher. Shana is the founder and managing
partner of Highline Venture Partners which is based here in New York
City and she\'s also a board partner at injuries and Horowitz as an
early stage investor. Shana invested in companies like Maker Bot
Pinterest 53 Refinery 29 and even Y CEO Lumb stripe. So investors know
her as someone who has this incredible ability to recognize greatness in
early stage entrepreneurs even before they have traction. But maybe more
importantly her portfolio companies know her. As someone who helps them
realize that greatness. So we\'re really lucky to have her here today
and I am excited to welcome Fisher.

[00：00：01]所以我是Kavan Yallock，我是Y Combinator的合伙人，我很高兴今天在这里见到你们，我也很高兴把你们介绍给Shanna Fisher。Shana是总部位于纽约市的Highline Venture Partners的创始人和管理合伙人，她也是人寿保险公司和霍洛维茨早期投资者的董事会合伙人。Shana投资了一些公司，比如BotPinterest，53，炼油厂，29家，甚至Y公司的首席执行官Lumbstripe。因此，投资者知道她是一个有着惊人能力的人，他甚至在创业初期就有能力认识他们的伟大，甚至在他们有吸引力之前。但也许更重要的是，她的投资组合公司认识她。作为一个帮助他们认识到伟大的人。所以我们今天能有她在这里真是太幸运了，我很高兴能欢迎费舍尔。

\[00:01:01\] Thank you so much. It\'s so great to be here.

[00：01：01]非常感谢。能来这里真是太好了。

\[00:01:08\] Thank you so much to Y Combinator. I really am a big
admirer of the program. Fund a lot of companies out of ricey and it\'s
it\'s really the main reason I\'m here. One thing that\'s important for
me to say before I start is I really never blog or tweet or say anything
about what I do. So why am I here. I\'m here really because I love Y
Combinator 1 and 2 I love New York for startups. So you know when not
when I was invited I thought okay this will be this will be fun.
There\'s a variety of reasons why I don\'t really talk about what I do.
But the main reason is I think really the companies are the most
important thing about what I do. So it\'s really not important for me to
talk it\'s really more important for them to talk. So when I was invited
here I really to think like I do I really want to do this. And you know
one of the main. And what do I want to say.

[00：01：08]非常感谢Y组合器。我真的很喜欢这个节目。为许多富贵公司提供资金，这确实是我来这里的主要原因。在我开始之前，有一件事对我来说很重要，那就是我从来没有写过博客，也从来没有发过微博，也从来没有说过我所做的事情。那我为什么在这里。我来这里真的是因为我爱Y组合1和2，我喜欢纽约的初创公司。所以你知道，当我被邀请的时候，我想好吧，这会很有趣的。我为什么不真正谈论我所做的事，原因有很多。但主要原因是我认为公司是我所做的最重要的事情。所以这对我来说并不重要，对他们来说更重要。所以当我被邀请来这里的时候，我真的像我想的那样，我真的很想这样做。你知道其中一个主要的。我想说什么。

\[00:01:58\] And the main reason I decided to come is because the reason
I don\'t blog or tweet or talk about what I do is that I often am told I
give the opposite advice of what people normally hear. So I thought
that\'s a great way to use this time. I\'m going to just go through the
major areas that I hear over and over and over again that I\'m giving
people the opposite advice of what they normally hear. And I thought
that would be the best way to use this time. So first of all I made this
presentation with a lot of help but one of one of the things is it\'s in
this beautiful format of paper which I think is an amazing presentation
format. So if you\'re wondering what this is it\'s it\'s one of my
companies that I love very much. 53 is paper. So. The first thing I\'ll
cover is runway. I\'m just going to like hit a couple of major topics
and talk about my thoughts on each one. So one of the first things I see
when companies come to raise money is that they\'re raising money for
runway so they\'ll often say I\'m raising a million and half dollars
that\'s for 18 months. And and that\'s and that\'s what we\'re doing
right there. I don\'t like that. So I like when when people are raising
money to get their company done by any means necessary. It\'s not about
having 18 months. It\'s about making whatever you raised last and
whatever you\'re able to raise last whether you\'re raising a lot or
whether you\'re raising a little. And actually one of the things that I
think is really great about Y Combinator and I\'ve I\'ve known Weiss\'s
since it was a Boston program and if you meet companies from Weiss\'s
and you talk to them even the ones that are in the Boston program 16
seven years ago what you realize is that they don\'t think about raising
money as runway in the very early stage. They think about it as How am I
going to get this done by any means necessary and how long is it going
to last. And and and that\'s the most important thing. It\'s not about.
It\'s not about having enough because runway really is about labor.
It\'s about payroll it\'s about rent. So what you often find in
companies that aren\'t thinking about runway they think about how we\'re
going to solve some of those problems in different ways. How am I going
to get not to pay rent. So one of the things I try to do for my
companies especially if they don\'t raise a lot of money is how to get
them free space for as long as possible. That\'s one of the that\'s just
one of the one of the ways to get the money ticking down another way is
of course thinking about labor how many people do you really need. Who
are you paying. Why are you paying them how much you paying them. And
that\'s a big factor. So I think runway is sort of one of those things.
It\'s often the thing in the beginning that is is like the most
important of how to get as far as you can because you know your
valuation only goes up after that. And hopefully that\'s that\'s sort of
my philosophy on runway founders cofounders. Common knowledge I think is
that it\'s it\'s good to have cofounders. For some people I think
that\'s true. I have a lot of single founders in my portfolio I think I
think I think it\'s not always right to have cofounders. I think certain
people certain people that can take a company really far actually are
not are not actually equipped to have cofounders. They\'re actually
better being a single founder. And so I don\'t make exceptions to two
that I like. I like to see. I like to see people that can take the
company the distance and having a single founder might sometimes be the
best way to do that. If you do have cofounders I think it\'s really
important not to have repeat skills develop or designer obviously
incredibly important product. Sometimes that\'s inside a developer
sometimes that\'s outside sometimes that\'s inside a design or sometimes
that\'s outside. I think it\'s really important when you\'re looking at
who you\'re starting a company with. I can\'t I\'m not going to make a
generalization. Sometimes people have known each other forever. They may
have overlapping skills they may have known each other growing up and
they may be the right person to start a company with. But a lot of times
what I\'m seeing are people that like just met the person couple weeks
ago or months ago because they wanted to start a company. Now it\'s
starting a company. So is just something people do when they graduate.
There\'s so many companies. People feel like that\'s the only way to do
it. And I think that some people are just better to be single founders
and you should structure the company around around your own skills.

[00：01：58]我决定来的主要原因是，我不写博客、推特或谈论我所做的事情，是因为我经常被告知我给出了与人们通常听到的相反的建议。所以我觉得这是个很好的利用时间的方法。我只想一遍又一遍地重复我听到的主要领域，我给人们的建议与他们通常听到的相反。我认为这是利用这段时间的最佳方式。所以，首先，我在很多帮助下做了这个报告，但其中一件事是，它是用这种漂亮的纸张格式写成的，我认为这是一种很棒的演示格式。所以，如果你想知道这是什么，那是我非常喜欢的公司之一。53是纸。所以我要掩护的第一件事就是跑道。我只想谈几个主要的话题，然后谈谈我对每一个话题的想法。所以，当公司开始筹集资金时，我看到的第一件事是，他们正在为跑道筹集资金，所以他们经常会说，我正在募集150万美元，为期18个月。这就是我们现在要做的。我不喜欢这样。因此，我喜欢当人们筹集资金使他们的公司以任何必要的方式完成。不是为了有18个月。它是关于让你最后养的东西和你能最后养的东西，不管你是养了很多还是养了一点。事实上，我认为YCombinator非常棒的一件事，我从波士顿项目开始就知道Weiss，如果你遇到Weiss的公司，然后和他们交谈，甚至是七年前在波士顿项目中的那些公司，你就会意识到，在早期阶段，他们并没有考虑作为跑道来筹集资金。他们认为我将如何以任何必要的方式完成这一任务，以及它将持续多长时间。这是最重要的。不是关于。这并不是关于拥有足够的，因为跑道真的是关于劳动的。这是关于工资的，是关于房租的。所以，在那些不考虑跑道的公司里，你经常会发现，他们会思考我们将如何以不同的方式解决其中的一些问题。我怎么才能不付房租呢。因此，我试图为我的公司做的事情之一，尤其是如果他们没有筹集到很多钱的话，就是如何给他们尽可能长的免费空间。这是其中之一，这只是让钱减少的方法之一，另一种方式当然是思考劳动力，你到底需要多少人？你付钱给谁。你为什么要付给他们多少钱。这是一个很大的因素。所以我认为跑道就是其中之一。这通常是一开始最重要的事情，那就是如何走得尽可能远，因为你知道你的估值只是在那之后才会上升。希望这是我在跑道上的创始人共同创始人的哲学。我认为，有共同创始人是件好事。对某些人来说，我认为那是真的。我的投资组合中有很多单身创始人，我认为有共同创始人并不总是对的。我认为某些能够带领一家公司走得很远的人实际上并不具备共同创始人的能力。他们实际上更好的是作为一个单一的创始人。所以我对我喜欢的两个不例外。我喜欢看。我喜欢看到能够与公司保持距离的人，而拥有一位单一的创始人有时可能是最好的方式。如果你有共同创始人，我认为没有重复的技能，开发或设计，显然是非常重要的产品，这是非常重要的。有时在开发人员内部，有时在外部，有时在设计内部，有时在外部。我认为当你看到你和谁一起创办一家公司的时候，这是非常重要的。我不能泛化。有时候人们会永远认识对方。他们可能有重叠的技能，他们可能认识对方长大，他们可能是建立一个公司的合适人选。但很多时候，我看到的是那些几周前或者几个月前就认识了这个人的人，因为他们想开一家公司。现在它正在成立一家公司。人们毕业的时候也是这样。公司太多了。人们觉得这是唯一的办法。我认为，有些人最好是单身创始人，你应该根据自己的技能来组建公司。

\[00:06:47\] Time that\'s time to launch. That\'s what this means to me.

[00：06：47]该发射的时候了，这对我来说意味着什么。

\[00:06:55\] Common knowledge I think is you should get product out
quick. You should iterate and it should be Leive. Actually I often take
the take the opposite view on this. I think they\'re four years ago I
might have said launch quick. That\'s actually important today because
there\'s thousands of startups and it\'s the thing that many many many
people are doing. I actually think you should take as much time as
possible to make your product perfect. And because there is so much
competition you have to really think differently about what space
you\'re in and how much time you\'re taking the launch it\'s actually
possible today to have smaller groups of users doesn\'t have to be
alive. But I actually don\'t think it\'s good to rush products out. I
think if it takes you a year to make your product perfect then you
should take a year. It\'s not about getting it out because I think you
have to have the hooks in it and a couple of of of like Trappes that are
going to be the reason why consumers love your product and it can take a
while to craft that. And it\'s not so important. I think today to just
get something out there a minimum viable product I think actually what
it\'s important to do today is to try to figure out how you\'re going to
raise above and level above all all of the competitors. And and that\'s
something that timeline\'s kind of goes back to runway are really
important to think about.

[00：06：55]我认为大家都知道，你应该尽快把产品拿出来。你应该迭代，这应该是构想。事实上，我经常持相反的观点。我想这是四年前的事了，我可能会说“快发射”。这在今天是很重要的，因为有成千上万的初创公司，而且很多人都在做这件事。我认为你应该花尽可能多的时间使你的产品完美。而且，由于竞争如此之大，你必须对自己所处的空间和使用的时间进行不同的思考，因此，在今天，拥有较小规模的用户并不一定非得活着。但实际上我不认为把产品赶出去是件好事。我认为如果你花一年的时间使你的产品完美，那么你应该花一年的时间。这并不是说要把它弄出来，因为我认为你必须把钩子和几个像Trappes这样的东西放在里面，这将是消费者喜欢你的产品的原因，而且要花一些时间才能制作出来。这并不重要。我认为，今天要想得到一些最起码可行的产品，我认为今天最重要的是努力弄清楚你将如何在所有竞争对手之上和水平上提高自己的水平。而这正是时间线回到跑道上需要考虑的问题。

\[00:08:23\] Initially location.

[00：08：23]最初位置。

\[00:08:28\] New York versus San Franciscovs. everywhere else. I really
like. I love New York. I love New York to create companies I think New
York is a very creative city. I think it gives gives people a lot of
inspiration. There certainly a lot of a lot of input. You get your
product that you don\'t get in a community where everybody is doing
tech. There\'s a lot of money in the early stage in New York. So I think
that\'s excellent. What there isn\'t is a lot of money in the middle
stage. It\'s still California I think primarily that has a huge
advantage with the trajectory companies are able to get and doing things
like Y Combinator. Actually if you\'re going to be located in New York
is extremely strategic. You might not even think about the relationships
that you\'re forming there how valuable they are going to be two years
from now you\'re just thinking about how do I get my thing funded how do
I get my startup like to be separated from everybody else which I see is
excellent. But what it\'s also good at is really putting down roots in
California. So if you\'re gonna be in New York you have to have some
roots there if you\'re ever going to if you\'re gonna want to go back
there and having investors in both cities I think is also really
important because you get very different perspectives and that\'s why I
think location has to be thought about very strategically. Certain
companies I think have real advantages to being a city in an urban
environment like New York or other cities. Others have real advantages
with the amount of people you can hire and the talent that you find in
California. So Northern California. So I think that\'s my view on
location and I sometimes hear I sometimes hear the opposite or not an
honest evaluation of what are really the pros and cons so this is like
my favorite one. Nobody knows anything. Especially when it comes to
investors. And I think about that all the time myself and I find I find
actually it\'s very liberating. It\'s very liberating because I know
many of the great companies that I found when I found them absolutely
nobody else was looking at them most people didn\'t like them. And it
was very difficult to tell them what they were going to become was going
to be as big as they had. They did become. And I think it\'s important
for all of you starting companies to really remember when you\'re
talking to investors it\'s very personal. It\'s very subjective. So if
you hear negative comments if you hear like this doesn\'t make any
sense. Nine times out of ten that might be true but one time it may be
that you\'re what you\'re doing is so new that nobody can evaluate it.
And that\'s when really great things happen. You also might be talking
to an investor that have just just 10 investments and they\'re not even
they\'re not even in the headspace to do yours. So I think it\'s really
important to you know when you sit down with investors talk about what
are the last couple deals you did. Look if you get someone that hasn\'t
done a deal in a while they\'re actually maybe more open minded to you.
And I think you have to be more strategic about it you can\'t you can be
more strategic about the people you\'re talking to not just closing your
round you can close people that are really going to spend the time and
actually have an open mind to what you\'re doing and give you good
feedback. So it\'s really important when you\'re talking to investors to
realize look they probably are not any better position to evaluate what
you\'re doing in a weird way then then you know the next person sitting
next to you. There\'s a lot of patterns. People get stuck in patterns I
don\'t actually believe in patterns. I think patterns actually can trap
you so into wanting to see the same thing that worked before. But you
know the river the river is always flowing and the markets are very
different. What work today is not going to be work. You know it\'s not
going be saying it worked for years ago. So personally I try not to look
for patterns and contradict myself a lot so I\'m talking about patterns
but I\'m talking about my advice. But I think when you when you\'re
starting out in really crafting your company just thinking about the
role that investors play and who you\'re talking to and where are they
coming from. Do some research when you sit down with them before you
just launch into your presentation and you\'ll get a sense hey is this
person even like a candidate or are they probably you know kind of like
is there is their plate already full. A lot of investors can\'t even
really know if they\'re a lead or a board member. You know if they\'re
on more than 12 boards that\'s like a lot. So if you\'re talking to
someone on 12 boards or someone who\'s new you\'re you\'re much more
likely to get the results you want with someone who is very open minded
to what to what you\'re building.

[00：08：28]纽约对旧金山的比赛。其他地方。我真的很喜欢。我爱死纽约了我喜欢纽约创建公司，我认为纽约是一个非常有创意的城市。我觉得它给了人们很多灵感。当然有很多投入。你得到的产品不是每个人都在做科技的社区里得到的。纽约早期有很多钱。所以我觉得这很棒。中间阶段没有很多钱。我认为主要的优势仍然是加州，因为公司能够获得和做Y组合器这样的东西具有巨大的优势。事实上，如果你要在纽约办公的话，那是非常有战略意义的。你甚至可能没有想过你在那里形成的关系-从现在起两年后，它们的价值有多大-你只是在想我该如何获得资金，如何让我的创业公司与其他人分离，这一点我认为是很棒的。但它还擅长的是在加利福尼亚扎根。所以，如果你要去纽约，你必须要在纽约扎根，如果你想回到纽约，让投资者到这两个城市投资，我认为这也很重要，因为你有非常不同的观点，这就是为什么我认为必须非常战略性地考虑地理位置。我认为，某些公司在纽约或其他城市这样的城市环境中拥有真正的优势。其他人有真正的优势，因为你可以雇佣大量的人和你在加州找到的人才。所以北加州。所以我认为这是我对地点的看法，我有时听到相反的或不诚实的评价什么是真正的利弊，所以这是我最喜欢的。没人知道什么。尤其是当涉及到投资者的时候。我一直在想这件事，我发现这实际上是很解放的。这非常令人解放，因为我知道许多我发现的伟大公司，当我发现它们时，绝对没有其他人在看它们，大多数人都不喜欢它们。很难告诉他们会变成怎样的人。他们确实变成了。我认为，对于所有刚开始创业的人来说，重要的是要记住，当你和投资者交谈时，这是非常私人的事情。这很主观。所以，如果你听到负面的评论，如果你听到这样的话，那就没有任何意义了。十次中有九次可能是真的，但有一次，你所做的可能是新的，以至于没有人能对它进行评估。那就是真正伟大的事情发生的时候。你也可能在和一个只有10笔投资的投资者交谈，他们甚至不在你的头上。所以我认为这对你来说很重要，当你坐下来和投资者讨论你最近做过的几笔交易时。听着，如果你遇到了一个有一段时间没做过交易的人，他们可能会对你更加开放。我认为你必须在这件事上更具战略性-你不能对与你交谈的人更具战略性-而不仅仅是关闭你的圈子，你可以让那些真正要花时间、对你所做的事情持开放态度并给你好的反馈的人关门大吉。因此，当你与投资者交谈时，这是非常重要的，当你意识到，看上去，他们可能没有任何更好的位置来评估你在以一种奇怪的方式做什么，这样你就知道下一个坐在你旁边的人了。有很多种模式。人们被困在我并不真正相信的模式中。我认为模式实际上可以诱使你想要看到以前同样的事情。但你知道，这条河总是流动的，市场是非常不同的。今天的工作不是工作。你知道的\不会说它在几年前起作用了。所以就我个人而言，我尽量不去寻找模式，并且经常自相矛盾，所以我说的是模式，但我说的是我的建议。但我想，当你开始真正打造你的公司的时候，你只会想到投资者扮演的角色，你在和谁说话，他们从哪里来。当你和他们一起坐下来，然后开始你的演讲时，你就会有一种感觉，嘿，这个人是不是像个候选人，或者，你知道吗，他们的盘子已经满了。许多投资者甚至不知道他们是首席执行官还是董事会成员。你知道，如果他们在超过12个董事会，这是一个很大的。所以，如果你和12个董事会上的人或一个新来的人交谈，你就更有可能得到你想要的结果，而这个人对你正在建设的东西非常开放。

\[00:13:01\] And these are some of the things to look for development.

[00：13：01]这些都是需要寻求发展的东西。

\[00:13:07\] I have a couple things on product development that I that I
that I find myself going over a lot. One actually I got this advice from
from paper I was with the paper team this morning and I asked them like
what you know how do you guys think about product development as a
startup what are some of the things you did that you think are valuable
and what are the things that you think that you think you wish you knew.
And one of one of the things that\'s really important and I really
believe this goes back to the number of people on the team I think it\'s
really important to build for today. If you read development blogs and
many people that have worked at bigger companies leave those companies
with the same disciplines. And a lot of those disciplines you might read
about in development blogs like aren\'t you know you\'re gonna spend a
lot of time on infrastructure but you\'re not going to spend a lot of
time on the products you\'re trying to build for today and prioritizing
what actually is building for today. Having a big vision because when
you start a company you often have a big vision like this is what were
going to do. This is our business. This is an area we\'re trying to
disrupt. But from a real product development standpoint what\'s today\'s
problem you\'re actually going to solve. And I often advise companies
that are also going to Y see go to see to grow because some of the
connections and the relationships you\'re making have really been
incredible difference makers for companies to either get other startups
using their product or take advantage of the mentors there to teach them
like really how to craft growth. When you have that solid product and I
think that\'s one of the best things to remember about about building
another thing I like to think about again time I think I think you want
to take as much time as possible to build a perfect product. One thing
that\'s related to this is design. I think today design is really
becoming like all the same great design is all the same there\'s the
same CSSA templates. A lot of people are using. And so the line kind of
bleed into each other you know kind of what makes great design today
it\'s like flat it\'s whatever you know whatever sort of Apple is also
bringing forward which is great but you don\'t have any breakthroughs.
So if everybody\'s using the same templates the same full bleed photos
the same sans serif fonts the same saturated colors which are all
beautiful and today we\'re train especially investors are trained to
look at a design and be like oh that\'s clean that\'s beautiful that
looks like it\'s supposed to look but it looks like everything else. So
what I actually like to look for and I\'ve funded a lot of stuff that
did not look good because I knew like all you have to do is a good tip
of the iceberg you should have to put some design onto that. But if you
have something really breakthrough don\'t worry about how it looks
because how it looks is often going to be something you can do use one
of those as templates that everybody else is going to judge you by. But
I think if there\'s any designers in the room I think it\'s time to push
past what everybody is starting to look like and that\'s something that
I look for. I know that you know we got to this design because there you
know this kind of pervasive design because you know there was another
pervasive design that kind of got overtaken by this one I think we\'re
ready to have a new a new look. I don\'t know what it is of course
that\'s what I look for everyday but I\'d really like to see products
not be so skin deep because I think that you can get trapped in the skin
deep ness of a product and not worry about what what are you really
trying to do that\'s breakthrough underneath. How hard is it. How much
time does it take to get perfect and often design is last.

[00：13：07]我在产品开发方面有几件事，我发现自己已经做了很多遍了。有一次，我从报纸上得到了这个建议，我今天早上和纸业团队一起问他们，你们知道，作为一家初创公司，你们是如何看待产品开发的，你们认为哪些事情是有价值的，哪些是你认为自己希望自己知道的。而其中一件非常重要的事情，我真的相信这可以追溯到团队中的人数，我认为这对于今天的球队来说是非常重要的。如果你读过开发博客和许多在大公司工作过的人，那么这些公司就会有相同的纪律。你可能在开发博客上读到了很多这样的学科，比如你不知道你会花很多时间在基础设施上，但你不会花很多时间在你今天想要构建的产品上，并把今天真正要构建的东西放在优先顺序上。有一个远大的愿景，因为当你创办一家公司时，你通常会有这样一个远大的愿景，这就是你要做的事情。这是我们的事。这是我们试图破坏的区域。但是从真正的产品开发的角度来看，你现在要解决的问题是什么。我经常建议那些也会去Y的公司去看看增长，因为你所建立的一些联系和关系真的让公司产生了难以置信的不同，公司要么利用他们的产品找到其他的初创公司，要么利用那里的导师来教他们如何真正地创造增长。当你有了坚实的产品，我认为这是建造另一件东西时最好记住的事情之一，我想再想一次，我想你想花尽可能多的时间来构建一个完美的产品。与此相关的一件事是设计。我认为今天的设计真的变得像所有的一样，伟大的设计，都一样，有相同的综援模板。很多人都在用。因此，这条线互相渗透，你知道，今天是什么使设计伟大，它就像扁平的，无论你知道什么，苹果也提出了什么，这是很棒的，但你没有任何突破。因此，如果每个人都使用相同的模板、相同的满是流血的照片、同样的无衬线字体、同样的饱和颜色，这些颜色都是美丽的。今天，我们接受了培训，特别是投资者们接受了培训，让他们看到一个设计，看起来很干净，漂亮，看起来像它应该看起来，但它看起来像其他东西。所以我真正喜欢找的是，我资助了很多看起来不太好的东西，因为我知道你要做的就是冰山一角，你应该把一些设计放在上面。但是，如果你有真正的突破，不要担心它的外观，因为它的外观通常是这样的，你可以使用其中的一个模板，其他人都会用它来评判你。但我认为，如果房间里有任何设计师，我认为是时候抛开每个人都开始看起来的样子了，这就是我想要的东西。我知道你知道我们有了这样的设计，因为你知道这种普遍的设计，因为你知道有另一个普适的设计，它被这个设计取代了，我想我们已经准备好有一个新的外观了。我不知道这是什么，当然，这是我每天寻找的，但我真的希望看到产品不是那么深，因为我认为，你可以被困在一个产品的皮肤深度，而不担心你真正想做的是什么，这一突破的背后。有多难啊。要花多少时间才能获得完美，而设计往往是最后一次。

\[00:16:48\] And I hope there are breakthroughs there but I really would
focus on sort of the iceberg of the productvs. versus the surface people
so related to runway know people raise money and they say we\'re going
to go higher five people to hire seven people hire for developers
because we need for developers to get this done by three months. And
what I found is that most people that are starting startups don\'t know
how to manage people and you know you\'re going to find yourself
overwhelmed. And it\'s really important to affect how you manage people
one by one. So if you say have a single founder you should hire one
person and perfected with that person. If you have two founders hire one
person Perfecta how you\'re going to manage that person and build the
team that way. I think another thing is this it sounds this is going to
sound really cheesy I guess but diversity is really important. And you
know if you look around and your founders and your company all look the
same you\'re just not going to have enough views of of of of your user
and a lot of found you know some controversial but most founders your
mail. I\'ve certainly funded a lot of female founders. I\'ve funded a
lot of products that are for women created by males. But they say they
prioritize higher hiring women pretty early on. So it\'s sort of a you
know equal opportunity thing I mean you want to find the best person for
the job but you you you really should think about bringing other people
into the company not just being female founders but bring bring women
into the company either in design roles development roles. You know
there\'s a lot of times in my companies they probably get tired of me
doing this but I meet a young female developer who I think has promise
and I\'ll like just tell a company you have to hire. You have to train
her because there\'s no way people are going to get opportunities unless
founders prior founders who really are in the position of taking their
companies forward do that and you\'re going to find those people are so
valuable you\'re not even going to impartially it\'s karma. But I
actually believe it\'s one of those things that if you bring these these
these people into the into your company whether it\'s you know racial
diversity or gender diversity or or just people people that don\'t think
like you know mental diversity however you want to say it. I just think
it\'s so critical to building great companies and I think when I look
back at my companies that have succeeded this is what they\'ve done.
They haven\'t. They didn\'t necessarily set out to do it but but they
did it. And I think it\'s actually indisputably a great thing to do.
We\'re not going to have more female founders unless they get more
experience. They\'re going to get more experience less they get great
experiences and other startups. So sometimes I think it\'s really
important to prioritize these things. That\'s just my view.

[00：16：48]我希望那里有突破，但我真的会把重点放在产品的冰山上。相对于与跑道相关的地面人员来说，他们知道人们会筹集资金，他们说我们会更高-5个人为开发商雇佣7人-因为我们需要开发商在3个月前完成这项工作。我发现，大多数刚开始创业的人都不知道如何管理人，而且你知道你会发现自己不知所措。影响你一个接一个地管理人的方式是非常重要的。因此，如果你说有一个创始人，你应该雇用一个人，并完善与该人。如果你有两个创始人，雇佣一个人-Perefta-你将如何管理这个人并以这种方式建立团队。我认为另一件事是，听起来这听起来很俗气，我想，但多样性是非常重要的。你知道，如果你环顾四周，你的创始人和你的公司看起来都是一样的，你只是对你的用户没有足够的看法，很多人发现你认识一些有争议的，但大多数的创始人，你的邮件。我确实资助了很多女性创始人。我资助了很多男性为女性设计的产品。但他们表示，他们很早就把招聘女性的工作放在了优先位置。所以这是一种机会均等的事情，我的意思是，你想找到最适合这份工作的人，但你真的应该考虑让其他人加入公司，不仅仅是女性创始人，还应该让女性进入公司，无论是在设计角色、发展角色方面。你知道，在我的公司里有很多次，他们可能厌倦了我这样做，但我遇到了一位年轻的女开发商，我认为他们有承诺，我想告诉一家公司，你必须雇用。你必须对她进行培训，因为人们不可能获得机会，除非创始人、那些真正能够推动公司前进的创始人做到这一点，而你会发现，这些人太有价值了，你甚至都不会公正地对待自己的因果报应。但我实际上相信，如果你把这些人带入公司，不管是你知道种族多样性还是性别多样性，或者只是那些不像你知道精神多样性的人，你想说什么，这就是其中之一。我只是认为这对于建立伟大的公司是如此的关键，我认为当我回顾那些成功的公司时，这就是他们所做的。他们没有。他们不一定要着手做这件事，但他们做到了。我认为这实际上是一件无可争辩的伟大的事情。我们不会有更多的女性创始人，除非她们有更多的经验。他们将获得更多的经验，更少，他们会获得更好的经验和其他初创公司。因此，有时我认为，优先考虑这些事情是非常重要的。这只是我的看法。

\[00:19:54\] Can I talk to you for a minute. This is a big one back to
people.

[00：19：54]我能和你谈谈吗？这对人们来说是个大问题。

\[00:19:59\] You think you\'re building a startup to create a product.
You think you launch a product and you\'re building technology you\'re
actually building people you\'re building a team and if you don\'t take
care of managing that team it\'s gonna come over like a tidal wave
you\'re going to have people coming up to you.

[00：19：59]你认为你在创建一家创业公司来创造一个产品。你认为你推出了一个产品，你在建设技术，你实际上是在建立一个团队，如果你不去管理这个团队，你就会像潮水一样出现在你身边。

\[00:20:14\] Can I talk to you for a minute. That\'s kind of like what
the symbol is. People want to take you aside. People want to know where
my what\'s my standing in the company what\'s my position in the company
where What\'s my role. Why is this person getting that role. Here\'s an
idea I have. That\'ll happen if you don\'t work on managing the people.
There\'s a really great paper called the scarf method one of the things
I do is I love SEO coaches who really help founders grow as managers.
The scarf method is something that he recommends. I\'ve read it\'s a
sort of a neurological approach to how to manage people what people need
to be managed if you just type s c A are f period period. You\'ll find
the paper if you don\'t you can e-mail me or else I\'ll send it to you.
It\'s just about what people need and you\'ll find if you take time to
think about how you\'re managing the people on your team and you are
actually now managing a group of humans would say you raise more money
you take your company a little further. You\'re going to hire are you
going to hire people. I do advise not to hire people very quickly
especially if you\'ve never managed anyone. I think you got to protect
it and you\'ll make mistakes and those mistakes will become part of you
as another manage as a good manager and you\'ll be able to hire someone
else and retain someone else. So you\'ll make mistakes. I think you
should make mistakes early so that you go and then you can and then you
can correct that. And it\'s not Adur it\'s not at a mission critical
time. So that\'s that\'s a big one if you see yourself surrounded with.
Can I talk to you for a minute out of your work. Then you realize OK I
need to step back and I need to figure out. Am I managing the people
around me. What\'s happening. Because you know the startup can be such
an intense I\'m very empathetic. It\'s a very intense environment. You
feel like you know you what you\'re doing is extremely important. You
lose perspective almost for everything else around you. And that\'s
actually really important. It\'s really important to be in that no
perspective place because that\'s how you can I think execute and do
superhuman great superhuman and great things. But it\'s really important
to step back in and realize like I\'m managing people not just the
product and many of my founders many founders I mean are engineers and
that\'s just not something that they\'ve done. But if you can do that
you\'ll be great. And no one will ever be able to kick you out of the
CEO spot.

[00：20：14]我能和你谈谈吗？这有点像那个符号。人们想把你拉到一边。人们想知道我在公司里的地位是什么，我在公司里的位置是什么，我的角色是什么。为什么这个人会得到这个角色。我有个主意。如果你不去管理人民，那就会发生。有一份很棒的论文叫做“围巾法”，我所做的一件事就是我喜欢SEO教练，他们真正帮助创始人成长为管理者。围巾法是他推荐的方法。我读过，这是一种神经学的方法，用来管理人们需要管理的东西，如果你输入sc a是f期的话。如果你不能给我发电子邮件，你会找到这份文件的，否则我会把它寄给你的。这正是人们所需要的，如果你花时间思考一下你是如何管理团队中的人的，而实际上你现在正在管理一群人，你会说你筹集了更多的钱，你把你的公司做得更远了。你要雇用人吗？我确实建议不要很快雇佣员工，尤其是如果你从来没有管理过任何人。我认为你必须保护它，你会犯错误，而这些错误将成为你作为一个好经理的一部分，你将能够雇佣别人并留住其他人。这样你就会犯错。我认为你应该尽早犯错误，这样你就可以走了，然后你就可以改正了。这不是阿杜尔，这不是任务关键时刻。如果你看到自己被包围了，那就太大了。我能和你谈谈你的工作吗？然后你意识到，好的，我需要后退一步，我需要弄清楚。我在管理周围的人吗。发生了什么\。因为你知道，创业可以是如此强烈，我非常同情。这是一个非常紧张的环境。你觉得你知道你在做什么是非常重要的。你对周围的一切几乎失去了洞察力。这真的很重要。站在没有视角的地方是非常重要的，因为我认为，执行和做超人，伟大的超人和伟大的事情就是这样的。但是，真正重要的是，我要退一步，意识到我是在管理人，而不仅仅是管理产品，我的许多创始人-我指的是创始人-都是工程师，而这并不是他们所做的事情。但如果你能做到的话你会很棒的。没有人能把你踢出首席执行官的位置。

\[00:22:38\] The equinox. So the Equinox is something I like to think of
is like that time horizon the line between when you don\'t have to make
money when you do so personally I like companies that make money. I like
companies that have business models that companies like think about the
business model ahead of time. Even if I think there\'s no greater value
in what you do than if somebody is willing to pay. So I like companies
with big smiles. However I have definitely funded things without
business models and they\'ve even had a really good idea a clearer idea
of what they\'re gonna do even if they don\'t do in the first year they
may not do it till the third year but they have a very clear idea of
what they\'re going to do and I know there\'s a lot of examples out
there that companies don\'t have that. But I think you\'ll find you
really control your destiny when you do control the money. Either you
control raising the money some people are very good at raising money or
you\'re in control making money. So the Equinox is like that time
between it\'s like acceptable not to make any money and when it is. And
I think that\'s really important to recognize many founders don\'t
recognize it and with enough time when that Equinox has passed. So there
is a certain amount of time where it\'s all potential and investors
invest in potential you know very rare. I mean they look they like to
look for what they like to look for. But a lot of that is what\'s
potentially what\'s potentially going to be valuable and they project
onto a company.

[00：22：38]春分。所以，Equinox是我喜欢想到的东西，就像时间的地平线，当你不需要赚钱的时候，当你这样做的时候，我喜欢赚钱的公司。我喜欢那些拥有商业模式的公司，这些公司喜欢提前思考商业模式。即使我认为你所做的事情没有比某人愿意付出更大的价值。所以我喜欢那些笑容满面的公司。然而，我肯定在没有商业模式的情况下资助了一些事情，他们甚至有了一个非常好的主意，他们对自己将做什么有了一个更清晰的认识，即使他们在第一年不去做，他们可能要到第三年才会这么做，但他们对自己将要做的事情有一个非常清楚的想法，我知道有很多例子表明，公司没有这样做。但是我认为当你控制了钱的时候，你就会发现你真的掌握了自己的命运。要么你控制着筹集资金，要么你控制着赚钱，有些人非常擅长筹集资金。所以，春分就像那一段时间，在这段时间里，不赚钱是可以接受的，而且是可以接受的。我认为，认识到许多创始人没有意识到这一点是非常重要的，而且当Equinox已经过去时，他们有足够的时间认识到这一点。因此，有一段时间，所有的潜力和投资者投资潜力，你知道是非常罕见的。我的意思是他们看起来他们喜欢寻找他们喜欢的东西。但很多这些都是潜在的有价值的东西，它们投射到了一家公司。

\[00:24:01\] Now there\'s a certain time when you can do that in a time
when you need to stop. And as a founder you need to say like this is the
time we need to cross over because we want to control our destiny. And I
think that\'s how I think of of the Equinox. I think it\'s a very
important concept that I try to help my companies with.

[00：24：01]现在有一个特定的时刻，你可以在你需要停止的时候做到这一点。作为一个创始人，你需要说，这是我们需要跨越的时候，因为我们想要控制自己的命运。我认为这就是我对Equinox的看法。我认为这是一个非常重要的概念，我试图帮助我的公司。

\[00:24:17\] So I\'m wrapping up Cosmo\'s. This is really meant to be
about inspiration. So I don\'t know if anybody\'s watching Cosmos on TV
so good. You know it\'s so good and I went back and watched the old
cosmos.

[00：24：17]所以我要结束科斯莫。这真的是关于灵感的。所以我不知道是否有人在电视上看宇宙那么好。你知道这太棒了，我回去看了那个旧宇宙。

\[00:24:32\] I remember growing up how much I loved the old the original
Cosmos and that really had a profound impact on me. And if you\'re
watching Cosmos and I really recommend everybody do it\'s on it\'s it\'s
on FOX. It\'s just that of the planet\'s Hayden Planetarium is the
narrator and I recommend going into the dark matter show actually at 8
and Planetarium it\'s really extraordinary.

[00：24：32]我记得在成长过程中，我是多么地爱着古老的宇宙，这对我有着深远的影响。如果你在看“宇宙”(Cosmos)，我真的建议每个人都在福克斯上看。这只是这个星球的海登天文馆(Hayden Planetarium)的故事讲述者，我建议你在8点看暗物质节目，而天文馆则非常不寻常。

\[00:24:55\] And what I think of when I when I\'m inspired by Cosmos is
just the big problems there our resolve and and how you know on Earth
where we don\'t really even understand the edge of the observable
universe yet and how how deeply interesting that is to me and the
problems of carbon and all the kind of things that are outlined in it
through the through the through the narrative of that show. And I don\'t
know what that inspires me that inspires me so if I see like lots of
little apps I\'m sort of like what is this. This is lots of the same
stuff. I really love to see breakthrough things. I think people really
truly are you really only are going to achieve as big as you do dream
and that\'s very corny but I think a lot of what I do is look for people
that have really big dreams and they know how to build for today to get
there and they know how to look at and say look I don\'t want to just do
another app I actually want to do something that is meaningful and
whether it\'s it maybe thinking about designing a breakthrough where
whatever you view is meaningful whatever you view is inspirational.
It\'s really important I think when you\'re starting your company to
have that spark. Because if you don\'t have that it\'s going to show the
authenticity shows it takes Pixar five years to make a movie. Why are
they the best movies because they took five years and they\'re made with
a lot of heart. A lot of people and a lot of ideas and there are so many
companies right now to level up. You have to do that. It\'s going to be
very hard to level up if if more people aren\'t doing that. So whether
you\'re watching Cosmos you\'re finding some other way to inspire you.
You know I really encourage everybody to dream big because you could get
jobs and jobs would be a lot easier. Lot easier startups are really
hard. So if you\'re gonna do it you gotta go for it. And that\'s what I
want to see. So that\'s all. Email me if you have any questions on what
I said. I hope you don\'t quote me though because that would you know I
don\'t want to I don\'t want to debate it. No I just want to put my shit
out there and see what happens. But you know if anything I said interest
you. I\'d love to talk to anybody. Thank you I see. Thank you 53 for
helping me and this wonderful illustrator named Julia Lou who just put
together these incredible visuals. Thanks again.


[00：24：55]当我受到宇宙的启发时，我想到的只是大问题-我们的决心，以及你们如何知道，在地球上，我们甚至还没有真正理解可观测宇宙的边缘，这对我来说是多么的有趣，碳的问题，以及在这个展览的叙述中概述的所有东西。我不知道是什么激发了我的灵感，所以如果我看到很多小应用程序，我就会觉得这是什么。这是很多相同的东西。我真的很喜欢看到突破性的东西。我认为人们真的是真的吗？你真的只会实现你梦想中的梦想，这很老套，但我认为我做的很多事情都是寻找那些有着真正远大梦想的人，他们知道如何为今天的目标而努力，他们知道如何看待和说看，我不想只做另一个应用程序。我实际上想要做一些有意义的事情，不管它是否有意义，也许我会考虑设计一个突破，让你所看到的一切都是有意义的，无论你所看到的都是鼓舞人心的。我认为当你开始你的公司时，这是非常重要的。因为如果你没有它，它将显示真实的节目，它需要五年的时间来制作一部电影。为什么他们是最好的电影，因为他们花了五年时间，他们是用很多心思制作的。很多人，很多想法，现在有那么多的公司需要提升。你必须这么做。如果更多的人不这么做的话，这将是非常困难的。所以不管你是否在看宇宙，你都会找到其他的方法来激励你。你知道，我真的鼓励每个人都有远大的梦想，因为你能找到工作，工作就容易多了。简单得多的创业公司真的很难。所以如果你要这么做，你就得去争取。这就是我想看到的。所以仅此而已。如果你对我说的话有任何疑问，请给我发电子邮件。我希望你不要引用我的话，因为你知道我不想辩论它。不，我只是想把我的狗屎放在外面看看会发生什么。但你知道如果我说了什么你就会感兴趣。我很想和任何人谈谈。谢谢我明白了。谢谢你帮助我和这个伟大的插画家朱莉娅卢，他刚刚把这些不可思议的视觉效果。再次感谢。

