**Zach Sims at Startup School NY 2014-ypLoGFaKdbU.mp4**

*2014年纽约创业学校Zach Sims-ypLoGFaKdbU.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] I have a distinct privilege right now to introduce another
one of those New York Y Combinator companies. CEO is co-founder and CEO
Zach Sims who started Code Academy. Yes hopefully I\'ll know about Code
Academy If programming is the fluency of this generation. They are the
place they are the global place to learn it since they launched about
three years ago. They have now served I think over 24 million students
all over the world in every single country. Is that true as well as
Antarctica. Presumably we\'re going to hear more about that. One of the
things that\'s really exciting about this is not only was he a drop out
from Columbia but yes was that for dropouts or for Columbia. I\'m not
sure but we\'ll say both. But like so many startup stories you know from
the outside it seems really simple really clear I figure something out
makes something people want to grow grow grow them before you know
you\'re on The Colbert Report which is was there was a great episode but
in fact every startup has its own cluster and I hope Zach shares with
you the story of the few weeks running up to demo day because Code
Academy was anything but a sure thing. So please give it up for Zach
Sims.

[00：00：00]我现在有一个特别的特权，介绍另一家纽约Y组合公司。首席执行官是联合创始人兼首席执行官扎克·西姆斯，他创办了代码学院。是的，希望我能了解代码学院，如果编程是这一代的流利之处的话。自三年前推出以来，它们是全球学习的地方。我认为，他们现在为世界各地每一个国家的2400万学生服务。南极洲也是这样吗。我们大概会听到更多关于这一点的消息。其中一件令人兴奋的事情是，他不仅从哥伦比亚退学，而且对辍学或哥伦比亚大学来说也是如此。我不确定，但我们可以说两者兼而有之。但是，就像你从外面知道的很多创业故事一样，看起来真的很简单，真的很清楚，我想出了一些东西，在你知道你在“科尔伯特报告”(Colbert Report)上有一个很棒的插曲之前，我就想做一些人想要做的事情，但事实上，每一家初创公司都有自己的集群，我希望扎克和你分享几个星期以来的故事。演示一天因为代码学院绝对不是一件确定的事情。所以请为扎克·西姆斯放弃吧。

\[00:01:19\] Awesome thank you Alexis. I didn\'t realize I\'d have to
compete with the soccer game today. Should have interwove and like the
score in my presentation. But anyway my name\'s Zach Sims. And as Alexis
just mentioned I started a company called Code Academy with my
co-founder Ryan and we teach people the skills they need to find jobs in
the 21st century online. But as Alexis mentioned it wasn\'t always that
way. So when I go to a talk like this and I sit in the audience I always
ask why is that person on stage. What experiences have they been through
that let them stand up and preach to people and what can I learn from
that. And so today I looked at the slate of speakers that\'s here today
and saw a lot of pretty awesome names. You have world class investors
you have people who are changing the world with nonprofits and people
with super fast growing companies and then I think they needed someone
to fill the cliche spot they needed to drop out. So my story is somewhat
similar to what you\'d see on the Social Network the movie that
hopefully a lot of you are familiar with but with a lot less Trent
Reznor music and a lot less cocaine. So. What I hope you guys leave with
at the end of today is kind of our story and hopefully a few key lessons
you can learn that will tell you some things you can do to eventually
one day prepare yourself to start your own company and then a lot of
things that we did that you probably shouldn\'t do if you do start your
own company and hopefully a couple of fun stories in between. Because as
Alexis said You hear all the time about people who kind of just hit it
and it just works. And I think the story that\'s been told about Code
Academy a lot is that we built the actual product a few weeks before
Demo Day and launch and had a lot of success but it wasn\'t really that
easy. So I want to go back to 2003 when I really started becoming
interested in the Internet and that was the year that the iTunes music
store got really big. They ran the first advertisements for the iTunes
music store and somewhat ironically they were headlined byDr. Dre and so
now that\'s all kind of come full circle. A few years later I got my
first iPod in 2003 and I brought it with me everywhere for the first
time you could carry a thousand songs in your pocket. And so I brought
it to the gym I brought it on runs and it skipped throughout the runs.
But what I didn\'t have was a way to protect it. When I dropped it on
the ground which happened all the time and as all you know with hard
drives dropping them on the ground isn\'t so great. So I looked online
and I tried to find a case that I could use for my iPod and instead of
doing what the normal person dies and buying the first one that I saw I
realized should just make one myself. So at the age of 13 in 2003 I
emailed a bunch of different iPod case manufacturers across the country
and told them that I had the greatest idea ever to build a waterproof
iPod case. I didn\'t tell them that I was 13 and had no idea what I was
talking about. So after around six months of emailing with someone who
worked at a big case manufacturer across theU.S. finally I had something
in my hands that had gone from having an idea when I first got the iPod
to having something that now protected it everywhere. And then a couple
of weeks later the guy on the other end who worked at the case
manufacturer asked to get on the phone with me so we could talk about
how we were going to launch and market what we had built. And so what I
thought was really cool was that no one on the Internet knew that I was
13 and in my parents basement. It\'s really the great equalizer. The
great equalizer that is until you get on the phone with someone and your
voice cracks 10 seconds into the phone call. So. That relationship was
really fruitful until he realized that I was 13. But what was really
empowering about that was that I realized that being young or being
somewhere not in New York or in San Francisco didn\'t matter on the
internet didn\'t matter that I never built hardware before it didn\'t
matter that I didn\'t know what marketing was. But the Internet allowed
me to learn all these things very quickly and to build something that
came out of that. So it was one of the first lessons I learned early on
is don\'t know until you try. And so I started trying pretty early. So
after that first experience kind of kept going back to the question of
how do I learn more about the Internet and what I can do with it. It
already seen what an amazing impact it can have on me and people around
me. And so I went to the library and I picked up a book on THP and Miis.
Q L for Dummies. I went to a shelf and I saw a list full of yellow and
black books picked up a few of them that had acronyms I didn\'t quite
understand and I figured you know a book for the rest of us we can
really sympathize with that. And I went home and I read a bunch of four
Demis books but it never really clicked and I never really built
anything with the knowledge that I\'d picked up by reading these books
because they didn\'t actually have me working on real projects. So when
I turned 18 I went to Columbia in New York as Alexis mentioned and
instead of studying computer science for some reason I decided to study
political science. And I usually try not to mention that but I\'ll tell
you guys that secret. So I went to college and my first semester I tried
to find people that were like me that were interested in technology that
were interested in startups. But there was no one. I asked everyone
around me and what are you guys interested in doing with with your
future and your careers and half of them told me were definitely not
thinking about that we\'re just interested in partying. And the other
half looked at me similarly weirdly and said you know we\'re working in
banking consulting. Obviously like everyone else in New York. So I was a
little discouraged but second semester of my freshman year saw a poster
that there was gonna be a talk from someone who I thought was kind of
famous in the New York startup scene. And name is Sam less in and he
started a company called Drop Yo. It was a file sharing company and he
was coming and I showed up two hours early for his talk. I was thinking
there\'s gonna be like a packed house. You know I got there and it was
in a really small room but it was in that really nice building. So I
figured like very important person a lot of people are gonna be here.
Sam showed up on time and no one else showed up. So that was New York in
2008. It was a world where no one was interested in startups and you got
ridiculed and there was no one to talk to you about about working in
technology. And so Sam was the only thing I had. So I pestered him for
the next six months until he finally let me work for him for a summer
for free. And I tutored the essay at night back in Connecticut where
I\'m from. And I sat on the couch and I learned everything I could from
what Sam was doing. I went back to college and I said What can I do next
that will help me learn more how we become better than the experience I
had at dropping them. I definitely wasn\'t taking another class on
political theory which at that point was interesting but not quite
relevant to what I wanted to do after I graduated. So I got to know a
lot of other people in New York who were working in startups and I went
to tech crunch disrupt that year and I saw two friends of mine demos
something called group me that at the time allowed you to text one phone
number. They created a group chatting application you could send one one
text to one number go to like five or six people and they could all text
back to that number. And I thought it was super cool. The two founders
who were friends of mine had been at a music festival the week
beforehand and experienced this themselves when they were trying to text
and there was no data. And that for their e-mails to get through and
they could text each other and they got lost and then a week later they
built something that solve their problem. That was crazy to me. And so
Grooby went on to be super popular at tech crunch disrupt and I
eventually joined them to work on group me when it was just the two of
them and me in an apartment with a couple other people and I realized
that solving their problem was the key to their early success. They\'d
build something that they needed to use and they figured you know
there\'s a lot of people to go to music festivals and there\'s a lot of
people that need to communicate and so they build something for
themselves. And so what I had a group me was something that finally my
friends believed in and went from you know my friends looking at me as
if I had the worst ideas ever to adding them all to a group chat. And
for the first time they thought that something I was involved in was
pretty cool. And then a lot of other people thought it was pretty cool
too. And so we went from nothing in think it was July of 2010 descending
hundreds of thousands of messages a day really really quickly. We hired
a team and we came up with it with a sign that pound sign in retrospect
a little embarrassing.

[00：01：19]太好了，谢谢你，亚历克西斯。我没有意识到我今天必须和足球比赛。应该是交织在一起的，喜欢我演讲中的分数。但不管怎样我叫扎克·西姆斯。正如Alexis刚才提到的，我和我的联合创始人Ryan创建了一家名为CodeAcademy的公司，我们教人们在21世纪在线寻找工作所需的技能。但正如亚历克西斯所提到的，情况并不总是这样。所以当我去做这样的演讲时，我总是坐在观众中，我总是问为什么那个人在舞台上。他们经历了什么样的经历，让他们站起来向人们宣讲，我从中学到了什么。所以今天我看了今天在这里的演讲人名单，看到了很多非常棒的名字。你有世界级的投资者，有人用非营利组织改变世界，有的人拥有超高速发展的公司，然后我认为他们需要有人来填补他们需要退出的陈词滥调。所以，我的故事有点类似于你在社交网络上看到的电影，希望你们中的很多人都熟悉这部电影，但有更少的特伦特·雷兹诺音乐和更少的可卡因。所以我希望你们在今天结束时留下的是我们的故事，希望你们能学到一些关键的经验教训，告诉你们一些你可以做的事情，最终有一天你可以为自己的公司做好准备，然后我们做了很多你可能不应该做的事情，如果你真的成立了你自己的公司，希望在中间有几个有趣的故事。因为就像亚历克西斯说的，你经常听到有人打它，它只是起作用。我认为关于代码学院的故事是，我们在演示日前几周制作了实际的产品，并取得了很大的成功，但这并不是那么容易。所以我想回到2003年，那时我开始对互联网产生兴趣，那是iTunes音乐商店变得非常大的一年。他们为iTunes音乐商店刊登了第一批广告，但颇具讽刺意味的是，这些广告的标题是dr。德雷，等等，现在这一切都成了一个完整的循环。几年后，我在2003年买到了我的第一台iPod，我第一次随身携带了它，这是你第一次在口袋里放一千首歌。所以我把它带到了健身房，我带它跑步，它在整个跑步过程中跳过。但我所没有的是一种保护它的方法。当我把它扔在地上的时候，它一直在发生，正如你所知道的，硬盘把它们扔在地上并不是很好。所以我在网上查了一下，我试着找一个可以用来装iPod的箱子，而不是做正常人死了的事，买第一个我意识到应该自己做的盒子。因此，在2003年，我13岁的时候，我给全国各地的一群不同的iPod机箱制造商发了邮件，告诉他们我有一个有史以来最棒的想法来制造一个防水的iPod外壳。我没有告诉他们我13岁，也不知道我在说什么。因此，在与一位在美国一家大型箱包制造商工作的人进行了大约六个月的电子邮件后，我终于掌握了一些东西，从我第一次买iPod的时候就有了一个想法，现在它在各地都得到了保护。几周后，在箱子制造商工作的另一端的那个家伙要求和我打电话，这样我们就可以谈谈我们将如何推出和销售我们建造的产品。所以我觉得很酷的是，互联网上没有人知道我13岁，在我父母的地下室里。这真是个伟大的均衡器。最伟大的均衡器是，直到你和某人通了电话，你的声音在电话中发出了10秒的裂痕。所以在他意识到我13岁之前，这段关系真的很有成效。但真正让我感到鼓舞的是，我意识到，年轻或者不在纽约或旧金山并不重要，在互联网上我从来没有制造过硬件并不重要，因为我不知道什么是营销。但互联网让我能够非常快地了解所有这些东西，并从中产生一些东西。因此，这是我在早期学到的第一课之一，直到你试着才知道。所以我很早就开始尝试了。因此，在第一次体验之后，我又回到了一个问题上，那就是如何更多地了解互联网，以及我能用它做些什么。它已经看到了它对我和我周围的人有多么惊人的影响。于是我去图书馆拿了一本关于THP和Miis的书。Dummies的Q L。我走到一个书架上，看到一张满是黄色和黑色书籍的清单，里面有几本我不太懂的缩略语，我想你知道一本书，对我们其他人来说，我们真的很同情。回到家，我读了四本德米斯的书，但是它从来没有被点击过，我从来没有建立任何我通过阅读这些书学到的知识，因为它们实际上没有让我从事真正的项目。所以当我满18岁的时候，我去了纽约的哥伦比亚大学，就像亚历克西斯提到的那样，我没有因为某种原因学习计算机科学，而是决定学习政治学。我通常尽量不提这个，但我会告诉你们这个秘密。所以我上了大学，我的第一个学期我试着找到像我一样对科技感兴趣的人，他们对创业感兴趣。但没有人。我问了我周围的每个人，你们对自己的未来和事业有兴趣做什么，他们中的一半告诉我，他们肯定没有想过我们只是对派对感兴趣。另一半人也奇怪地看着我说：“你知道，我们在银行咨询部门工作。”显然和纽约的其他人一样。所以我有点泄气，但是我大一的第二学期看到了一张海报，上面写着一个我认为在纽约创业时很有名的人的演讲。名字叫山姆，他创办了一家名为DROYO的公司。那是一家文件共享公司，他要来了，我提前两个小时来听他的谈话。我在想，那里会像一个挤满了人的房子。你知道我到了那里，它在一间很小的房间里，但它在那栋非常漂亮的建筑里。所以我想像个很重要的人很多人都会在这里。山姆准时出现，其他人都没来。那就是2008年的纽约。在这个世界里，没有人对创业感兴趣，你被嘲笑，也没有人和你谈论科技工作。所以山姆是我唯一拥有的东西。所以在接下来的六个月里，我一直缠着他，直到他终于让我免费为他工作了一个夏天。晚上，我在康涅狄格州辅导这篇文章，我来自康涅狄格州。我坐在沙发上，从山姆所做的一切中学到了一切。我回到了大学，我说接下来我能做些什么，这将帮助我更多地了解我们是如何变得更好的，而不是我放弃他们的经历。我绝对不想再上一门政治理论课，这门课当时很有趣，但与我毕业后想要做的事情不太相关。所以我认识了纽约很多在初创公司工作的人，那年我去了科技危机公司，我看到了我的两个朋友，一个叫“我组”的人，当时我可以发短信给你一个电话号码。他们创建了一个群聊天应用程序，你可以把一条短信发送给一个号码，然后发送给五到六个人，然后他们都可以发回那个号码。我觉得很酷。这两位创始人是我的朋友，他们在一周前参加过一个音乐节，当他们试图发短信时，他们自己也经历过这种情况，而且没有任何数据。为了让他们的电子邮件通过，他们可以互相发短信，然后迷路了，一周后，他们建立了解决问题的方法。对我来说太疯狂了。所以Grooby在科技危机中非常受欢迎，我最终加入了我的团队，当时只有他们俩和我和其他几个人住在一间公寓里，我意识到解决他们的问题是他们早期成功的关键。他们会建造一些他们需要使用的东西，他们认为你知道有很多人可以去参加音乐节，还有很多人需要交流，所以他们为自己建立了一些东西。所以，我有了一个团体，我的朋友们终于相信了，我的朋友们看着我，好像我有了最糟糕的想法，把他们都加入到了集体聊天中。他们第一次觉得我参与的事情很酷。然后很多其他人认为这也很酷。因此，我们从无到有地认为，那是2010年7月，每天减少数十万条信息的速度非常快。我们雇了一个团队，我们想出了一个标志-回想起来，那个英镑标志有点尴尬。

\[00:10:33\] To Alvin\'s fast slide quickly and I realize that you know
the most important thing I could do is get a front row seat on the
rocket ship you know and watch as group me grew from 2 people to 15
people to 20 people and then less than a year after with stardate it
sold to Skype.

‘

\[00:10:52\] So after that I went back to laughter.

[00：10：52]那之后，我又笑了起来。

\[00:10:59\] I went back to college and you know I had such a good
experience. I kind of figured what most people would do is double down
and go back and work in startups. But I fell prey to the peer pressure
and I interviewed at banks and consulting firms like everyone else and I
realized sitting across the table from all these managing director is
there was absolutely nothing I wanted to learn from these people.
Desolately nothing. I sat there and I regurgitated a discounted cash
flow function. I learned the night beforehand and even doing it in an
interview was just massively painful and figured if that was going to be
my life for 18 hours a day for two years I should choose something else
to do.

[00：10：59]我回到了大学，你知道我有这么好的经历。我想，大多数人会做的是加倍下来，回到创业公司工作。但我和其他人一样，在银行和咨询公司接受了同行的压力采访，我意识到坐在这些董事总经理的对面，我绝对不想从这些人身上学到任何东西。一无所有。我坐在那里，然后恢复了一个贴现现金流函数。我在前一天晚上就知道了，甚至在一次面试中做这件事也是非常痛苦的，我想，如果这是我每天18小时的生活，持续两年，我应该选择其他的事情去做。

\[00:11:39\] But what I also saw was that the skills that I had learned
over the past two and a half years while I was a Columbia weren\'t
relevant to what mattered in the job market. And I saw that all my
friends struggled to find jobs. Two and a friend of mine Ryan at the
time was a senior. And all of his friends were trying to find jobs. And
even though they were they were seniors graduating from Columbia a lot
of them still struggle because the skills that they were learning
weren\'t immediately practical. So I talked to Ryan who at the time
probably thought I was crazy and said we should fix this. You know this
gap between education and employment and it shouldn\'t be too hard to
solve. I sent him an email on the first e-mail that I think kind of
really started the company with this headline. One other thing that one
other thing turned out to be your company. But we started talking about
ways to connect people with skills that would eventually help them find
jobs. And we realized we should just get started. We had a lot of free
time and nights and weekends. And so we started building a bunch of
different ideas. The first one we\'ve always been really great at
namings. The first one is called Come recruit us I believe.

[00：11：39]但我也看到，在过去两年半的时间里，我在哥伦比亚学到的技能与就业市场的重要性无关。我发现我所有的朋友都很难找到工作。当时我的两个朋友莱恩是个大四学生。他所有的朋友都想找工作。尽管他们是从哥伦比亚大学毕业的高年级学生，但他们中的许多人仍然在挣扎，因为他们正在学习的技能并不是立即实用的。所以我和瑞恩谈了谈，他当时可能觉得我疯了，说我们应该解决这个问题。你知道教育和就业之间的差距，应该不难解决。我在第一封电子邮件上给他发了一封电子邮件，我认为这是公司的第一封邮件。另一件事，原来是你的公司。但我们开始讨论如何将人们的技能联系起来，从而最终帮助他们找到工作。我们意识到我们应该开始了。我们有很多空闲的时间，晚上和周末。所以我们开始建立一系列不同的想法。第一个我们一直都很擅长命名。第一个叫来招募我们我相信。

\[00:12:51\] I think we had the dotU.S. domain name. So we\'re very
inventive. And at the time we figured the best way to connect students
with jobs was to have them log in with their Facebook account and just
say where they wanted to work. It seemed pretty simple. So we built the
first version of this in 2011 and we talked to a lot of friends and
mentors people who worked at startups before. And all the people that
worked at startups looked at us and said This is the dumbest thing I\'ve
ever heard. We\'re like it\'s OK. You\'re not the market for this. So we
spoke to our friends a Colombian. We\'re going to help you get jobs and
they all looked at us. This is the dumbest thing I\'ve ever heard. It
says very very encouraging.

[00：12：51]我想我们有dotUS域名。所以我们很有创造力。当时，我们认为最好的办法是让学生登录他们的Facebook账号，然后说出他们想在哪里工作。看起来很简单。因此，我们在2011年建立了第一个版本，我们与许多朋友和导师交谈，这些人曾在初创公司工作过。所有在初创公司工作的人都看着我们说，这是我听过的最愚蠢的事情。我们就像没事一样。你不是这个的市场。所以我们跟我们的朋友说了一个哥伦比亚人。我们会帮你找到工作，他们都看着我们。这是我听过的最愚蠢的事。上面写着很鼓舞人心。

\[00:13:33\] Horizon and I took that feedback and we said you know well
we\'ll roll with this and we\'ll apply to Y Combinator because if no one
else thinks our idea is good maybe someone will think it\'s crazy.

[00：13：33]Horizon和我接受了反馈，我们说你知道，我们会接受这一点，我们将申请Y组合，因为如果没有人认为我们的想法是好的，也许有人会认为这是疯狂的。

\[00:13:44\] So we filled out a y our Y Combinator application and we
asked for some feedback and got some of the best advice I\'ve gotten
since we started the company which is we had too many words and not
enough information. And that was probably because we didn\'t really know
what we were building ourself and so we just kind of put a lot of words
around around a thing in it. And you know we we applied twice and
figured we\'d never ever get in. Turned out we got an email a couple of
weeks later and we were invited to interview. So we flew out to
California and we met with all the partners. And before doing that we
landed went to a coffee shop. We figured it and put the finishing
touches on on the thing that we had built that helped people find jobs
through Facebook.

[00：13：44]所以我们填写了一个Y组合器应用程序，我们询问了一些反馈意见，并得到了一些我自创建公司以来得到的最好的建议，那就是我们有太多的单词而没有足够的信息。这可能是因为我们不知道自己在做什么，所以我们就在里面放了很多的话。你知道我们申请了两次还以为我们永远也进不来了。结果，几周后我们收到了一封电子邮件，我们被邀请去面试。所以我们飞到了加利福尼亚，我们会见了所有的合作伙伴。在此之前，我们去了一家咖啡店。我们意识到了这一点，并对我们建造的帮助人们通过Facebook找到工作的东西做了最后的修改。

\[00:14:27\] And we realized on the plane this amount had an epiphany
that this is just a horrible idea. Everyone had been talking to us was
absolutely right it was just the worst idea ever you know. So at the
time we figured well we can hold programmers find jobs that\'s a better
niche because we were you know I was learning to program myself. My
co-founder was a programmer. We were doing programming challenges. So we
spent the next 48 hours in a café in San Francisco building a way for
people to take programming challenges and then find jobs from there and
were so focused on building the first prototype of that product that we
didn\'t realize we had locked the keys to or Veon be inside or beN.V. So
we went back that night and didn\'t have a place to stay. So next
morning we showed up at Y Combinator looking a little raggedy and just a
total mess and we figured we walked in. We spoke to the partners for ten
minutes and we got question after question but the weird thing was they
were answering each other\'s questions so we didn\'t know whether that
meant we had a really good idea or a not so good idea and we didn\'t
have a chance to demo what we had spent 48 hours building and so on the
way out one of the partners tapped us on the shoulders kind of looked at
us and said Can you guys even actually program. Kind of like sheepishly
nodded and they they didn\'t ask how well the answer was yes. So we left
and we said well we blew it and we flew out here we had this big shot.
We got a lot of questions and we don\'t even get to answer any of them.
And they don\'t even think we know we\'re doing so which wasn\'t far
from the truth at the time. And so we we went from being on a superhigh
before interview to super low walking around Palo Alto. And then a few
hours later Paul Graham called us and said We\'d like to have you for Y
Combinator this year. I think my answer to him on the phone was like
This is the wrong number. How do you do. Are you serious. And then I did
something smart and I said Can I get back to you which I have no idea
what I did when we needed to think about but apparently we did. So a
couple of weeks later we got our first check from my combinator. So the
first feeling of like wow we actually made it. Know everyone gets into
like nominator instantly successful it\'s like pixie dust. So that\'s
what we figured and we moved out to Silicon Valley and we said you know
awesome everything set from here on out going to live and work in a
sweet office. You know you see all these pictures of brick in San
Francisco and then we get out there and we crash on the floor of a
friend\'s apartment who worked a Palantir. And so this was our office
and. And where we slept for the first couple of weeks until we realized
it\'s not productive when your desk is the box for a coffee machine
laughter.

[00：14：27]我们在飞机上意识到，这是一个可怕的想法。每个人都在和我们交谈是完全正确的，这是你所知道的最糟糕的想法。因此，当时我们认为，我们可以让程序员找到一个更好的职位，因为我们是，你知道，我正在学习自己编程。我的联合创始人是个程序员。我们在做编程上的挑战。于是，我们花了48个小时在旧金山的一家咖啡馆里，设计了一种让人们接受编程挑战，然后在那里找到工作的方法，我们把精力都集中在了制造该产品的第一个原型上，以至于我们没有意识到，我们把钥匙锁上了，Veon在里面，或者是在N.V。所以，那天晚上我们回去了，没有地方住了。所以第二天早上，我们出现在Y Combinator，看起来有点杂乱无章，一团糟，我们想我们走了进去。我们和合伙人谈了十分钟，我们得到了一个接一个的问题，但奇怪的是，他们正在回答对方的问题，所以我们不知道这是否意味着我们有一个好主意，或者不是一个好主意，我们没有机会演示我们花了48个小时建造的东西，在离开其中一个拍档的路上，等等。我们在肩膀上看着我们说，你们真的可以编程吗？有点像害羞地点点头，他们没有问答案有多好。所以我们离开了，我们说，我们搞砸了，我们飞到这里，我们有这么大的机会。我们有很多问题，甚至没有回答任何一个问题。他们甚至不认为我们知道我们在这么做，这与当时的事实相去甚远。所以我们从面试前的超级兴奋变成了在帕洛阿尔托漫步的超低水平。几个小时后，保罗·格雷厄姆打电话给我们，说我们希望今年有你为Y组合公司服务。我想我在电话里给他的回答是：这个号码打错了。你好你是认真的。然后我做了一件聪明的事，我说，我能回你那里吗？我不知道当我们需要思考的时候，我做了什么，但很明显，我们做了。几周后，我们从我的组合器那里得到了第一张支票。所以第一次感觉就像哇，我们真的做到了。大家都知道，每个人都像个提名人，很快就成功了，就像精灵尘埃一样。这就是我们的想法，我们搬到了硅谷，我们说，从现在开始，一切都很棒，我们要在一间温馨的办公室里生活和工作。你知道，你在旧金山看到了所有这些砖头的照片，然后我们跑到外面，在一位在帕兰提尔工作的朋友的公寓里撞车。所以这是我们的办公室。我们在那里睡了几个星期，直到我们意识到当你的桌子是咖啡机笑的盒子时，它是没有效率的。

\[00:17:14\] So we moved into our own office. I felt really warm and
cozy.

[00：17：14]所以我们搬到了自己的办公室。我感到非常温暖和舒适。

\[00:17:18\] This

[00：17：18]这个

\[00:17:18\] is our apartment too. You\'ll notice we were really good at
namings so the company\'s name is right Zach is my co-founder his name
is Ryan and my name is Zach and we figured like very very inventive.

[00：17：18]也是我们的公寓。你会注意到我们非常擅长命名，所以公司的名字是对的，扎克是我的联合创始人，他的名字是Ryan，我的名字是Zach，我们觉得很有创意。

\[00:17:30\] You\'ll see this is a recurring theme we\'ll get back to
this. So this was our first office. And finally we were excited like
we\'re doing something right. We have an office we have an apartment.
Let\'s prove what we\'re doing shouldn\'t be so hard you know. So we
spoke to a bunch of a bunch of startups and we said you know we have a
way for you to hire more programmers and they said that is awesome. The
hardest thing we do is hire. And we can\'t find a way to find people we
can\'t find a way to evaluate them. And so we knew we were on the right
track there. Now we talked to the programmers and we said we have this
really awesome thing. We will help you get jobs and you know just to do
it. You just have to do these fun challenges. And they had absolutely no
interest in what we were building. Went to a Y Combinator dinner and
they were all like you know we just started a company and I see and I
still get 50 linked and e-mail requests everyday like why am I going to
mess around on your on your garbage platform. So we went back to the
drawing board. And you\'ll notice this is not the first time we went
back to the drawing board. But this time it wasn\'t just metaphorical
and we didn\'t go back to the original concept that we had of helping
people learn skills to find jobs. Instead we basically became random
startup idea generators. So here\'s a few of our ideas you\'ll notice
some of them are really good like building a CRM for club promoters
luridly if you spun like a jackpot wheel you would not get anything as
crazy as what we were coming up with. So we kind of sat there and were
like Well unclear what we\'re doing but we\'re in Y Combinator and we
have a hundred seventy thousand dollars so that\'s cool. And there\'s
two of us and we figure we can move in with friends. We could eat ramen
and we would have five years of burn just work on your hands for club
promoters all day. So we were determined. Not to fail. And I remember
going to office hours with Sam Altman and Sam and called us. You know
the worst the worst ratio of intelligence to ideas. So smart but such
stupid ideas.

[00：17：30]你会看到这是一个反复出现的主题，我们将回到这个主题。这是我们的第一个办公室。最后，我们很兴奋，好像我们做了正确的事情。我们有办公室我们有公寓。让我们来证明我们所做的不应该那么困难。所以我们采访了一群初创公司，我们说我们有办法让你雇佣更多的程序员，他们说这太棒了。我们做的最困难的事就是雇佣。我们找不到方法去找人，我们也找不到评估他们的方法。所以我们知道我们在正确的轨道上。现在我们和程序员谈了谈，我们说我们有一件很棒的事情。我们会帮助你找到工作，你知道只是为了做这件事。你只需要做这些有趣的挑战。他们对我们的建筑毫无兴趣。参加了一次Y组合晚宴，他们都觉得我们刚刚成立了一家公司，我看到了，我每天都会收到50个链接和电子邮件请求，为什么我要在你的垃圾平台上乱搞呢？所以我们又回到了画板上。你会注意到这不是我们第一次回到画板上。但这一次，这不仅仅是比喻，我们没有回到最初的概念，我们有帮助人们学习技能，以找到工作。相反，我们基本上变成了随机的启动想法生成器。因此，我们的一些想法，你会注意到，其中一些是非常好的，比如为俱乐部的发起者建立一个客户关系管理系统(CRM)，如果你像一个头奖的轮子一样旋转，你就不会得到任何我们想出来的疯狂的东西。所以我们坐在那里，好像不清楚我们在做什么，但是我们在Y组合望远镜里，我们有17万美元，所以这很酷。我们两个人可以搬去和朋友住。我们可以吃拉面，我们会有五年的烧伤，只是在你的手上为俱乐部的发起人整天工作。所以我们下定决心。不要失败。我记得和山姆·奥尔特曼和山姆一起去上班的时候打电话给我们。你知道智力和思想之间最糟糕的比例。如此聪明但如此愚蠢的想法。

\[00:19:36\] So every night we\'d go home and I\'d sit there and run. I
would write code for one of these ideas and we\'d get super super
frustrated both with what we were building. But for me without a formal
programming background I had takenC.S. one on one when I was a Columbia.
I had read a couple of those for Dummies books. And Ryan had actually
started an organization on campus in Columbia to teach people how to
program. And so in the process I was learning the skills I needed to do
my job basically. And so we started kind of came back to where we
started which is can we teach people the most important skill they need
to find a job in the 21st century which was programming and we had sort
of patient zero which is me if I could learn how to program well then
probably a couple older people could use it too. And this was around 3
to 4 weeks before Demo Day. At this point. And so we started building
the first version of Code Academy and we spoke to a couple of the
partners NYC and some investors and again you\'ll notice this is a
common refrain. They told us it was really stupid. And a lot of them
told us that there were only 100000 employed programmers in the US. Like
there\'s just no market for something that teaches people to program.
People are not interested in programming and never will be. That was
something we heard a couple times.

[00：19：36]所以每天晚上我们回家，我就坐在那里跑步。我会为其中一个想法编写代码，我们会对我们正在构建的内容感到非常沮丧。但是对于我来说，没有正式的编程背景，我在哥伦比亚大学的时候就一个接一个的上了课。我读了几本关于哑剧的书。瑞安在哥伦比亚大学成立了一个组织，教人们如何编程。所以在这个过程中，我学到了做我的工作所需要的技能。于是我们又回到了起点，我们可以教人们在21世纪找到一份工作所需要的最重要的技能，那就是编程，我们的病人是零，如果我能学会编程，那么也许有几个年纪大的人也会用到它。这大约是演示日前的3到4周。在这一点上。于是我们开始建造第一个版本的代码学院，我们和纽约的几个合作伙伴以及一些投资者进行了交谈，你会再次注意到这是一个常见的重复。他们告诉我们这真的很蠢。他们中的很多人告诉我们，在美国只有100000名受雇的程序员。就像没有什么市场可以教人们编程。人们对编程不感兴趣，而且永远也不会感兴趣。我们听过几次了。

\[00:21:01\] But this time you knew something was different. Ryan and I
were super interested in what we were doing mostly because we were
building for me and based on Ryan\'s experience. And so we\'d go home
every night worked all the time. We did some research for some of the
fundamental pieces of code Kadam Ryan still tries to convince me that
playing Farmville counted as research for how he eventually built the
gamification Antica Academy.

[00：21：01]但这一次你知道有什么不一样的。莱恩和我对我们正在做的事情非常感兴趣，主要是因为我们是为我建造的，基于瑞安的经验。所以我们每天晚上都回家工作。我们对一些基本代码做了一些研究，卡达姆·瑞安(Kadam Ryan)仍然试图让我相信，扮演Farmville是他最终如何建立游戏化安蒂卡学院(Antica Academy)的研究。

\[00:21:26\] I think he was addicted.

[00：21：26]我想他上瘾了。

\[00:21:29\] And then we showed the first version of code academy to a
lot of investors and everyone at Y Combinator and the line that people
generally use is you should be embarrassed when you launch for the first
time. But what people told us was you should be embarrassed when you
launch for the first time. Not this embarrassed it\'s like you know who
Facebook get out was what we were told. So you know we went back and I
played with it a couple times.

[00：21：29]然后我们向许多投资者和Y Combinator的每个人展示了代码学院的第一版，人们通常使用的是当你第一次启动时应该感到尴尬。但人们告诉我们的是，当你第一次发射的时候，你应该感到尴尬。不是这么尴尬的\就像你知道Facebook会把谁弄出去一样。所以你知道我们回去了，我玩了几次。

\[00:21:55\] This is made for me and it works for me and I know
javascript now. So we\'re doing something right and I really like the
experience. And this is another thing we learned again as as I learned
in the group me instance it\'s much easier when you\'re building for
yourself. All these people we were showing Code Academy. You didn\'t get
it because they knew how to program. But I didn\'t. So this was the one
of the first early versions of Code Academy. You know you learn in line
learning by doing. And there\'s no video and no boring books you have to
read it\'s all instantaneous feedback. And so we launched Code Academy
and we left we left the apartment. Right and I bet that there wouldn\'t
be more than 50 people on the site at the same time that day and we
installed HRP and we left to get bagels. We got to the bagel store and
my phone started going off because there were 1000 people on the site at
the same time with something that we had built basically for like me and
my mom to use.

[00：21：55]这是为我做的，它为我工作，我现在知道javascript了。所以我们做的很对，我真的很喜欢这样的经历。这是我们再次学到的另一件事，就像我在小组中学到的那样，当你为自己而建的时候，这件事会容易得多。所有这些人都是我们展示给代码学院的。你不明白是因为他们知道怎么编程。但我没有。这是代码学院最早的版本之一。你知道你是通过做来学习的。没有视频，也没有无聊的书，你必须阅读它，所有这些都是即时反馈。于是我们开办了密码学院然后离开了公寓。没错，我敢打赌，当天同一时间，网站上不会有超过50人，我们安装了HRP，然后我们离开去买百吉饼。我们到了百吉饼店，我的手机开始响了，因为网站上同时有1000人，我们为我和我的妈妈做了一些基本的东西。

\[00:22:52\] And we noticed stuff like this on Reddit where people just
had no idea how to how to program before how to learn this skill and all
of a sudden we made it easy for them.

[00：22：52]我们在Reddit上注意到了这样的事情，人们在学习这种技能之前根本不知道如何编程，突然之间，我们让他们变得很容易。

\[00:23:01\] And that was super super empowering. Turns out that wasn\'t
an isolated case. This is Ryan with our Torpey dashboard that day
you\'ll notice we actually broke the chart it\'s manometer because so
many people were on the site at the same time. And so immediately we
basically went from being the least popular company in Y Combinator that
summer where you know three weeks beforehand we actually suggested to us
that we just not demo Demo Day because you know you don\'t have an idea.
You haven\'t built anything. It\'s not possible to make anything in
three weeks. Not plausible. So we built something anyway and we were the
fastest growing Y Combinator company at that time. And this was sort of
the bullet point was you know we we taught people to program. And
finally we had the data that millions of people do want to learn
programming and we were the answer and this was the slide the two of us
used to talk about ourselves.

[00：23：01]那是超级授权。事实证明那不是一个孤立的案子。这是瑞安和我们的Torpey仪表板，那天你会注意到，我们实际上打破了图表，它的压力表，因为这么多的人在同一时间在网站上。因此，我们很快就从Y Combinator的最不受欢迎的公司发展到了那个夏天，在那里，你知道三个星期前，我们实际上建议我们不要演示日，因为你知道你没有什么想法。你什么都没做。三周内做什么都不可能。不可信。所以我们建立了一些东西，我们当时是发展最快的Y组合公司。这就是我们教人们编程的重点。最后，我们得到了数以百万计的人想要学习编程的数据，我们就是答案，这是我们俩过去常谈论自己的幻灯片。

\[00:23:53\] Look a little young and we went from having no one to pay
attention to us and no one returning our cold e-mails to investors
texting me and saying they actually had a dream about Code Academy. It
turns out I thought it like this whole thing was a dream is like we\'re
still eating Rahmon and like nothing you know is not possible to a few
weeks later we closed our series with the gentleman who just was on
stage with Fred and in Union Square Ventures and we moved back to New
York and we actually went to an AGM to verify it was like this cannot be
real. Well how is this money in her bank account. So armed with two and
a half million dollars in on cloud nine after raising our series we set
about building a company. But we realized it pays to be a cockroach. And
by that I mean it pays just to not stop and just to not die like we
thought everything along the way it tried to kill us. Right. Like all of
our friends were like startups are dumb. Your dumb your ideas are dumb.
And we kind of just looked at all of them and said whatever and build
Code Academy it pays not to quit.

[00：23：53]看上去有点年轻，我们从没有人关注我们，也没有人回复我们冰冷的电子邮件给投资者发短信给我，说他们真的做了一个关于代码学院的梦。原来我以为整件事都是个梦，就像我们还在吃拉赫蒙一样，就像什么都不可能，直到几周后，我们结束了与弗雷德和联合广场风投刚刚上台的这位先生的系列赛，我们搬回了纽约，我们去了一家AGM公司，证实这一切都是不可能的。她银行账户里的钱是怎么回事。所以在云9上装备了250万美元，在我们的系列节目中，我们开始建立一家公司。但我们意识到做蟑螂是值得的。我的意思是，不停止，不像我们所想的那样死亡，这是值得的，因为它一直想要杀死我们。右（边），正确的就像我们所有的朋友一样，创业公司是愚蠢的。你的愚蠢，你的想法是愚蠢的。我们只是看了看所有的人，说了什么就建代码学院，不放弃是值得的。

\[00:25:07\] So after moving back to New York we thought like we\'re on
cloud 9 we have all this money all these people on our Web site. Turns
out that last part was not true because all those people were on our Web
site because we were on tech crunch. And so hopefully some of you are
familiar with the Tech Crunch of initiation. Riegert super popular and
then you at the drop of sorrow where everything\'s miserable. And we had
that and we went back and we tried to hot fire find more people to join
the team. We interviewed 100 people before hiring our first person. That
is an exercise in frustration. So we realized startups really are a
roller coaster. You know we went from getting into Y Combinator and
thinking success was a sure thing too. Two weeks later realizing we
didn\'t have an idea to eventually going back to the original idea that
we had and finding the right implementation of it. And the thing is that
startups are much easier to deal with when you actually care about what
you\'re doing. So now every morning we wake up read the newspaper and
you see that a year after they graduate more than 50 percent ofU.S.
college students are unemployed or underemployed that by 2020 there\'s
going to be more than a million open programming jobs. If education
keeps going at the same speed and this is really motivating for us
because this is a massive problem because the world companies won\'t
grow as fast as they can. People won\'t have jobs if we don\'t exist.
And to this day in a more than 24 million people have used code academy
is something that we started building in our dorm room at Columbia and
then built in California and now proudly build in New York. More than 24
million people have used something that we built. But what matters most
is the stories of the people that use it. People like Ryan who a year
and a half ago had absolutely no idea how to program learned on code
academy built an app called circuit that was featured as one of Time\'s
best Web sites of 2013. And then two weeks ago Ryan sold his company. So
he went from knowing absolutely nothing to a year and a half later
building a company and a startup in a product and selling it there
there\'s people like Amy who at 13 started learning to program on code
academy. And by the time she was 14 the EU and called her the European
Digital girl of the year because she spoke all over Europe telling
everyone how important programming was for the future. So hopefully a
couple of things you guys will take away from today\'s talk. First you
shouldn\'t make excuses to get started. It\'s really simple. You have
the internet which is the biggest distribution engine ever and the tools
is all you need is a web browser and a text editor should optimize
everything you do for learning. You get a front row seat on a rocket
ship so you know what it\'s like to build a company and we\'re hiring if
you want us to be that rocket ship. You should realize that startups are
a roller coaster and you should never ever give up. And lastly you
should be passionate about what you\'re working on because that will
make all the difference. Maybe the most important thing I\'ve learned
after doing this for a few years and speaking a few times and speaking
with a couple other people that speak is that everyone here has no idea
what they\'re doing. And so even as you get further along and you build
a startup you realize that startups are hard and there are new
challenges at every step along the way. So despite the fact that none of
us quite know what we\'re doing yet you don\'t know until you try. So
thank you.


[00：25：07]所以搬回纽约后，我们以为我们就像在云端一样，我们有这么多钱，所有这些人都在我们的网站上。最后一部分并不是真的，因为所有的人都在我们的网站上，因为我们处于技术危机中。所以希望你们中的一些人熟悉印心的技术。里格特超级受欢迎，然后你在悲伤的点滴里，一切都很悲惨。我们有这样的想法，我们回去了，我们努力寻找更多的人加入我们的队伍。在雇用第一个人之前，我们采访了100人。这是一种挫折感。所以我们意识到初创公司真的是过山车。你知道，我们从进入Y组合，并认为成功也是肯定的事情。两周后，我们意识到我们没有办法最终回到原来的想法，并找到正确的实现。问题是，当你真正关心自己在做什么的时候，创业公司更容易处理。所以现在我们每天早上醒来看报纸，你会看到，在他们毕业一年后，超过50%的美国大学生失业或就业不足，到2020年，将会有超过100万的开放式编程工作。如果教育继续以同样的速度发展，而这对我们来说确实是激励因素，因为这是一个巨大的问题，因为世界企业不会像他们所能的那样快速增长。如果我们不存在，人们就不会有工作。直到今天，超过2400万人使用了代码学院，这是我们在哥伦比亚大学的宿舍里开始建造的，然后在加利福尼亚建造，现在纽约自豪地建造。超过2400万人使用了我们建造的东西。但最重要的是使用它的人的故事。像瑞安这样的人，一年半前完全不知道如何在代码学院上编程学习，他们创建了一个名为电路的应用程序，它被列为2013年时代最好的网站之一。两周前Ryan卖掉了他的公司。因此，他从完全一无所知到一年半后，在一家公司和一家初创公司中建立了一家产品，并在那里销售，就像艾米这样的人，他们在13岁时就开始学习在代码学院编程。当她14岁的时候，欧盟称她为年度欧洲数字女孩，因为她在欧洲各地发表演讲，告诉每个人编程对未来是多么重要。所以希望你们能从今天的谈话中拿走一些东西。首先，你不应该找借口开始工作。真的很简单。你有一个互联网，它是有史以来最大的发行引擎，你所需要的工具就是一个网络浏览器，文本编辑器应该优化你为学习所做的一切。你在火箭飞船上有一个前排座位，所以你知道建立一家公司的感觉，如果你想让我们成为火箭飞船的话，我们会雇用你的。你应该意识到创业是一种过山车，你永远不应该放弃。最后，你应该对你正在做的事情充满激情，因为这会让一切都变得不同。也许在做了几年之后，我学到的最重要的一件事就是，每个人都不知道自己在做什么。因此，即使你走得更远，创建了一家创业公司，你也会意识到创业很艰难，而且在创业过程中的每一步都会遇到新的挑战。所以，尽管我们中没有一个人很清楚自己在做什么，但在你尝试之前，你还不知道自己在做什么。所以谢谢你。

